# A record of formal votes in reverse chronological order.
#
# To vote, add one of the following entries next to your name:
#
#   [+1]  I vote in favour of the proposal
#   [ 0]  I abstain from the vote
#   [-1]  I vote against the proposal
#
# If you are abstaining, you can indicate a tendency as follows:
#
#   [+0]  I abstain but with a slight lean towards a vote in favour
#   [ 0]  I abstain with no stated preference
#   [-0]  I abstain but with a slight lean towards a vote against
#
# A template for voting (alphabetical by surname) follows.

----------------
topic: .
Proposed by .
Public: yes
opened: 2020-mm-dd
closed: 2020-mm-dd
accepted:  yes/no  (for: X, against: Y, abstained: Z, not voted: T)

  Matt       [  ]
  Mark       [  ]
  Pauli      [  ]
  Viktor     [  ]
  Tim        [  ]
  Richard    [  ]
  Shane      [  ]
  Tomas      [  ]
  Kurt       [  ]
  Matthias   [  ]
  Nicola     [  ]

----------------
topic: Where a function does not use the TYPE_NAME_action_name naming scheme,
       it is considered to be a defect.
comment: These are not considered blockers for 3.0 if the function existed in
         1.1.1.  New functions that do not conform must be fixed before release.
Proposed by pauli.
Public: yes
opened: 2020-02-02
closed: 2020-02-02
accepted:  yes  (for: 5, against: 0, abstained: 3, not voted: 3)

  Matt       [ 0]
  Mark       [  ]
  Pauli      [+1]
  Viktor     [  ]
  Tim        [+1]
  Richard    [+1]
  Shane      [+1]
  Tomas      [+1]
  Kurt       [ 0]
  Matthias   [  ]
  Nicola     [ 0]

----------------
topic: Moving forwards we will use TYPE_NAME_action_name for function names.
comment: Not camel case, underscores separating words.  I.e. EVP_MAC_update
         not EVP_MACUpdate or EVP_MAC_Update.
Proposed by pauli.
Public: yes
opened: 2020-02-02
closed: 2020-02-02
accepted:  yes  (for: 7, against: 0, abstained: 1, not voted: 3)

  Matt       [+1]
  Mark       [  ]
  Pauli      [+1]
  Viktor     [  ]
  Tim        [+1]
  Richard    [+1]
  Shane      [+1]
  Tomas      [+1]
  Kurt       [ 0]
  Matthias   [  ]
  Nicola     [+1]

----------------
topic: Include NULL cipher in the FIPS provider.
Proposed by Matthias.
Public: yes
opened: 2020-12-08
closed: 2020-12-08
accepted:  no  (for: 0, against: 7, abstained: 2, not voted: 2)

  Matt       [-1]
  Mark       [  ]
  Pauli      [-1]
  Viktor     [  ]
  Tim        [-1]
  Richard    [-1]
  Shane      [-1]
  Tomas      [-1]
  Kurt       [-1]
  Matthias   [-0]
  Nicola     [-0]

----------------
topic: For 3.0 EVP_PKEY keys all algorithm implementations that were usable
       with 1.1.1 EVP_PKEY API or low level APIs without public component must
       stay usable.

       This overrules the
         * all implementations apart from EC require the public component to be present;
       part of the vote closed on 2020-11-17.

Proposed by Tomas Mraz
Public: yes
opened: 2020-12-04
closed: 2021-01-12
accepted:  yes  (for: 8, against: 0, abstained: 0, not voted: 3)

  Matt       [+1]
  Mark       [  ]
  Pauli      [+1]
  Viktor     [  ]
  Tim        [+1]
  Richard    [+1]
  Shane      [+1]
  Tomas      [+1]
  Kurt       [+1]
  Matthias   [+1]
  Nicola     [  ]

----------------
topic: In the context of the OpenSSL apps, the OTC qualifies as bug
       fixes the changes to return a failure exit status when a called
       function fails with an unhandled return value.
       Even when these bug fixes change the apps behavior triggering
       early exits (compared to previous versions of the apps), as bug
       fixes, they do not qualify as behavior changes that require an
       explicit OMC approval.
Proposed by Nicola Tuveri
Public: yes
opened: 2020-11-30
closed: 2020-12-21
accepted:  yes  (for: 9, against: 0, abstained: 0, not voted: 2)

  Matt       [+1]
  Mark       [  ]
  Pauli      [+1]
  Viktor     [  ]
  Tim        [+1]
  Richard    [+1]
  Shane      [+1]
  Tomas      [+1]
  Kurt       [+1]
  Matthias   [+1]
  Nicola     [+1]

----------------
topic: For 3.0 EVP_PKEY keys, the OTC accepts the following resolution:
* relax the conceptual model to allow private keys to exist without public
  components;
* all implementations apart from EC require the public component to be present;
* relax implementation for EC key management to allow private keys that do not
  contain public keys and
* our decoders unconditionally generate the public key (where possible).

Proposed by Matt Caswell
Public: yes
opened: 2020-11-03
closed: 2020-11-17
accepted:  yes  (for: 5, against: 4, abstained: 1, not voted: 1)

  Matt       [+1]
  Mark       [  ]
  Pauli      [+1]
  Viktor     [-1]
  Tim        [-1]
  Richard    [+1]
  Shane      [+1]
  Tomas      [+1]
  Kurt       [-1]
  Matthias   [ 0]
  Nicola     [-1]


----------------
topic: For DH Generation, the OTC accepts the following resolution:
* Quad-state generation:
  - PKCS #3;
  - named groups only;
  - FIPS 186-2 generation or
  - FIPS 186-4 generation.
* For default provider:
  - change back to PKCS #3 generation as the default and
  - allow changing to FIPS 186-2, FIPS 186-4 or named groups.
* For FIPS provider:
  - choose a known safe prime group as default (rejecting non-standard lengths) and
  - allow a change to FIPS 186-4 generation.
* For parameter validation in FIPS:
  - accept if a named group;
  - run FIPS 186-4 validation if DHX key, otherwise reject.
* For key validation: if a named group, do just partial key validation.
* For validation more generally, allow a validation mode to be set.

Proposed by Matt Caswell
Public: yes
opened: 2020-11-03
closed: 2020-11-17
accepted:  yes  (for: 7, against: 0, abstained: 2, not voted: 2)

  Matt       [+1]
  Mark       [  ]
  Pauli      [+1]
  Viktor     [  ]
  Tim        [+1]
  Richard    [ 0]
  Shane      [+1]
  Tomas      [+1]
  Kurt       [+1]
  Matthias   [ 0]
  Nicola     [+1]

----------------
topic: Hold online weekly OTC meetings starting on Tuesday 2020-10-13
       and until 3.0 beta1 is released, in lieu of the weekly "developer
       meetings".
Proposed by Nicola Tuveri
Public: yes
opened: 2020-10-09
closed: 2020-10-11
accepted:  yes  (for: 9, against: 0, abstained: 0, not voted: 2)

  Matt       [+1]
  Mark       [+1]
  Pauli      [+1]
  Viktor     [  ]
  Tim        [+1]
  Richard    [+1]        # 2020-10-13
  Shane      [+1]
  Tomas      [+1]
  Kurt       [+1]
  Matthias   [+1]
  Nicola     [+1]

----------------
topic: The PR #11359 (Allow to continue with further checks on
 UNABLE_TO_VERIFY_LEAF_SIGNATURE) is acceptable for 1.1.1 branch
As the change is borderline on bug fix/behaviour change OTC needs
to decide whether it is acceptable for 1.1.1 branch.
Proposed by Tomas Mraz
Public: yes
opened: 2020-10-09
closed: 2020-10-26
accepted:  yes  (for: 3, against: 2, abstained: 5, not voted: 1)

  Matt       [-1]
  Mark       [ 0]
  Pauli      [+1]
  Viktor     [  ]
  Tim        [-1]
  Richard    [ 0]
  Shane      [ 0]
  Tomas      [+1]
  Kurt       [ 0]
  Matthias   [ 0]
  Nicola     [+1]

----------------
topic: The following items are required prerequisites for the first beta release:
 1) EVP is the recommended API, it must be feature-complete compared with
    the functionality available using lower-level APIs.
   - Anything that isn’t available must be put to an OTC vote to exclude.
   - The apps are the minimum bar for this, subject to exceptions noted below.
 2) Deprecation List Proposal: DH_, DSA_, ECDH_, ECDSA_, EC_KEY_, RSA_,
    RAND_METHOD_.
   - Does not include macros defining useful constants (e.g.
     SHA512_DIGEST_LENGTH).
   - Excluded from Deprecation: `EC_`, `DSA_SIG_`, `ECDSA_SIG_`.
   - There might be some others.
   - Review for exceptions.
   - The apps are the minimum bar to measure feature completeness for the EVP
     interface: rewrite them so they do not use internal nor deprecated
     functions (except speed, engine, list, passwd -crypt and the code to handle
     the -engine CLI option).  That is, remove the suppression of deprecated
     define.
     - Proposal: drop passwd -crypt (OMC vote required)
   - Compile and link 1.1.1 command line app against the master headers and
     library.  Run 1.1.1 app test cases against the chimera.  Treat this as an
     external test using a special 1.1.1 branch.
   - Deprecated functions used by libssl should be moved to independent file(s),
     to limit the suppression of deprecated defines to the absolute minimum
     scope.
 3) Draft documentation (contents but not pretty)
   - Need a list of things we know are not present - including things we have
     removed.
   - We need to have mapping tables for various d2i/i2d functions.
   - We need to have a mapping table from “old names” for things into the
     OSSL_PARAMS names.
     - Documentation addition to old APIs to refer to new ones (man7).
     - Documentation needs to reference name mapping.
     - All the legacy interfaces need to have their documentation pointing to
       the replacement interfaces.
 4) Review (and maybe clean up) legacy bridge code.
 5) Review TODO(3.0) items #12224.
 6) Source checksum script.
 7) Review of functions previously named _with_libctx.
 8) Encoder fixes (PKCS#8, PKCS#1, etc).
 9) Encoder DER to PEM refactor.
10) Builds and passes tests on all primary, secondary and FIPS platforms.
11) Query provider parameters (name, version, ...) from the command line.
12) Setup buildbot infrastructure and associated instructions.
13) Complete make fipsinstall.
14) More specific decoding selection (e.g. params or keys).
15) Example code covering replacements for deprecated APIs.
16) Drop C code output options from the apps (OMC approval required).
17) Address issues and PRs in the 3.0beta1 milestone.
Proposed by .
Public: yes
opened: 2020-10-08
closed: 2020-10-13
accepted:  yes  (for: 8, against: 0, abstained: 0, not voted: 3)

  Matt       [+1]
  Mark       [+1]        # 2020-10-13
  Pauli      [+1]
  Viktor     [  ]
  Tim        [+1]
  Richard    [+1]
  Shane      [+1]
  Tomas      [+1]
  Kurt       [-1]        # 2020-10-14
  Matthias   [+1]
  Nicola     [+1]

----------------
topic: We should accept the Fully Pluggable TLSv1.3 KEM functionality as shown
in PR #13018 into the 3.0 release
Proposed by Matt Caswell
Public: yes
opened: 2020-10-08
closed: 2020-10-13
accepted:  yes  (for: 8, against: 1, abstained: 1, not voted: 1)

  Matt       [+1]
  Mark       [ 0]
  Pauli      [+1]
  Viktor     [  ]
  Tim        [+1]
  Richard    [+1]
  Shane      [-1]
  Tomas      [+1]
  Kurt       [+1]
  Matthias   [+1]
  Nicola     [+1]

----------------
topic: OTC meeting will be called for next Tuesday (2020-10-06)
Proposed by Matthias St. Pierre
Public: yes
opened: 2020-09-30
closed: 2020-09-30
accepted:  yes  (for: 7, against: 0, abstained: 0, not voted: 4)

  Matt       [+1]
  Mark       [+1]       # 2020-09-30
  Pauli      [+1]
  Viktor     [  ]
  Tim        [+1]
  Richard    [+1]
  Shane      [+1]
  Tomas      [+1]       # 2020-09-30
  Kurt       [+1]       # 2020-09-30
  Matthias   [+1]
  Nicola     [+1]

----------------
topic: Accept the OTC voting policy as defined:

       The proposer of a vote is ultimately responsible for updating the votes.txt
       file in the repository.  Outside of a face to face meeting, voters MUST reply
       to the vote email indicating their preference and optionally their reasoning.
       Voters MAY update the votes.txt file in addition.

       The proposed vote text SHOULD be raised for discussion before calling the vote.

       Public votes MUST be called on the project list, not the OTC list and the
       subject MUST begin with “VOTE:”.  Private votes MUST be called on the
       OTC list with “PRIVATE VOTE:” beginning subject.

Proposed by Matthias St. Pierre (on behalf of the OTC)
Public: yes
opened: 2020-09-28
closed: 2020-09-29
accepted:  yes  (for: 9, against: 0, abstained: 0, not voted: 2)

  Matt       [+1]
  Mark       [+1]
  Pauli      [+1]
  Viktor     [  ]
  Tim        [+1]
  Richard    [+1]
  Shane      [+1]
  Tomas      [+1]
  Kurt       [  ]
  Matthias   [+1]
  Nicola     [+1]

----------------
topic: Adopt the coding style policy on function arguments as shown in chapter
6.1 of web PR 194 (commit f37f8a9000)
Proposed by Matt Caswell
Public: yes
opened: 2020-09-16
closed: 2020-09-21
accepted:  no  (for: 2, against: 5, abstained: 2, not voted: 2)

  Matt       [+1]
  Mark       [ 0]
  Pauli      [-1]
  Viktor     [  ]
  Tim        [-1]
  Richard    [-1]
  Shane      [-1]
  Tomas      [+1]
  Kurt       [-1]
  Matthias   [+0]
  Nicola     [  ]

----------------
topic: Adopt the coding style policy on extending existing functions as shown
in chapter 6.2 of web PR 194 (commit f37f8a9000)
Proposed by Matt Caswell
Public: yes
opened: 2020-09-16
closed: 2020-09-21
accepted:  yes  (for: 5, against: 3, abstained: 2, not voted: 1)

  Matt       [+1]
  Mark       [ 0]
  Pauli      [+1]       # Vote changed 2020-09-21
  Viktor     [  ]
  Tim        [-1]
  Richard    [+1]
  Shane      [+1]
  Tomas      [+1]
  Kurt       [-1]
  Matthias   [+0]
  Nicola     [-1]


----------------
topic: The performance improvements provided in PR11188 should be considered a
       bug fix and therefore acceptable for backport to 1.1.1
Proposed by Matt Caswell
Public: yes
opened: 2020-08-27
closed: 2020-09-10
accepted:  no  (for: 0, against: 8, abstained: 3, not voted: 0)

  Matt       [-1]
  Mark       [ 0]
  Pauli      [-0]
  Viktor     [-1]
  Tim        [-1]
  Richard    [-1]
  Shane      [-1]
  Tomas      [-1]
  Kurt       [-1]
  Matthias   [-0]
  Nicola     [-1]


----------------
topic: Rename OSSL_SERIALIZER / OSSL_DESERIALIZER to OSSL_ENCODER / OSSL_DECODER

       The rationale is that it makes things easier on programmers
       (encode / decode is easier to write than serialize / deserialize),
       and also avoids disputes on what is and isn't serialization.

       Associated issues and PRs: #12455, #12659 and #12660
Proposed by Richard
Public: yes
opened: 2020-08-18
closed: 2020-08-20
accepted:  yes  (for: 5, against: 1, abstained: 4, not voted: 1)

  Matt       [ 0]
  Mark       [ 0]
  Pauli      [+1]
  Viktor     [  ]
  Tim        [-1]
  Richard    [+1]
  Shane      [-0]       # Shane's vote was actually --0
  Tomas      [+1]
  Kurt       [ 0]
  Matthias   [+1]
  Nicola     [+1]

----------------
topic: Rename OPENSSL_CTX to OSSL_LIB_CTX (as proposed by pull request #12621)

       The main rationale behind this change is consistency, because many of the new
       OpenSSL 3.0 types have an OSSL_ prefix, and OPENSSL_CTX is a notable exception.
       More details can be found in the description and thread of pull request #12621.

       There was a discussion on openssl-committers ('Rename OPENSSL_CTX to OSSL_WHAT?')
       and an initial poll on doodle about the favourite replacements for OPENSSL_CTX
       (https://doodle.com/poll/drku9ziwvkp6tw25).

Proposed by Matthias  St. Pierre
Public: yes
opened: 2020-08-18
closed: 2020-08-20
accepted:  yes  (for: 5, against: 0, abstained: 4, not voted: 2)

  Matt       [ 0]
  Mark       [  ]
  Pauli      [+1]
  Viktor     [  ]
  Tim        [-0]
  Richard    [-0]
  Shane      [+1]
  Tomas      [+1]
  Kurt       [ 0]
  Matthias   [+1]
  Nicola     [+1]

----------------
topic: For change requests which target both the master and the
       OpenSSL_1_1_1-stable branch, the following procedure should be followed:
       - First, a pull request needs to be opened against the master branch for
       discussion. Only after that pull request has received the necessary
       amount of approvals, a separate pull request can be opened  against the
       OpenSSL_1_1_1-stable branch.
       - A separate pull request against the OpenSSL_1_1_1-stable branch is
       required. This holds - contrary to common practice - even if the change
       can be cherry-picked without conflicts from the master branch. The only
       exception from this rule are changes which are considered 'CLA: trivial',
       like e.g. typographical fixes.
Proposed by Matt Caswell
Public: yes
opened: 2020-06-02
closed: 2020-06-16
accepted:  no  (for: 4, against: 4, abstained: 3, not voted: 0)

  Matt       [ 0]
  Mark       [ 0]
  Pauli      [-1]
  Viktor     [+1]
  Tim        [+1]
  Richard    [-1]
  Shane      [ 0]
  Tomas      [-1]
  Kurt       [-1]
  Matthias   [+1]
  Nicola     [+1]


----------------
topic: Accept and merge #11577.
comment: #11577 reduces the maximum length of TLS labels.
         It also breaks standards compliance.
Proposed by Paul.
Public: yes
opened: 2020-06-02
closed: 2020-06-03
accepted:  no  (for: 0, against: 9, abstained: 1, not voted: 1)

  Matt       [-1]
  Mark       [-1]
  Pauli      [-1]
  Viktor     [  ]
  Tim        [-1]
  Richard    [-1]
  Shane      [-1]
  Tomas      [-1]
  Kurt       [-1]   # 2020-06-09
  Matthias   [ 0]
  Nicola     [-1]

----------------
topic: Keep FIPS_mode() as emulated by EVP_default_properties_is_fips_enabled(NULL)
Proposed by Tomas Mraz
Public: yes
opened: 2020-04-09
closed: 2020-04-27
accepted:  no  (for: 2, against: 5, abstained: 3, not voted: 1)

  Matt       [+1]
  Mark       [ 0]
  Pauli      [-1]
  Viktor     [  ]
  Tim        [-1]
  Richard    [ 0]
  Shane      [-1]
  Tomas      [+1]
  Kurt       [ 0]
  Matthias   [-1]
  Nicola     [-1]

----------------
topic: approve PR#8300 statem: fix the alert sent for too large messages
Proposed by Tim Hudson
Public: yes
opened: 2020-01-16
closed: 2020-01-30
accepted:  no  (for: 1, against: 4, abstained: 6, not voted: 0)

  Matt       [-1]
  Mark       [ 0]
  Pauli      [-1]
  Viktor     [-1]
  Tim        [+1]
  Richard    [ 0]
  Shane      [-0]
  Tomas      [+0]
  Kurt       [ 0]
  Matthias   [-1]
  Nicola     [ 0]

