Meeting Date: 2023-03-21
Minutes taken by: Hugo Landau
Attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Shane Lontis
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Matt Caswell
    Tomas Mraz
    Paul Dale
    Richard Levitte
    
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Nicola Tuveri
    Tim Hudson

External attendees:
    Anton Arapov

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Discussion on #20436 (--strict-warnings)
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Review draft technical policies: presentation on design policy
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Paul

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Richard to create instructions on how to add an OTC member.
Not done

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new code.
Not done

AI: Hugo to update the EC compression compatibility testing PR
    to test fewer curves. Use original commit message for Nicola's
    patch
Not done

AI: Hugo to propose possible solutions to make BIO_dgram more safe
Not done

AI: Hugo to investigate getting the DDD demos working with
    our current code
Not done

AI: OTC to read Stephen's proposed API changes for ECH
Not done

AI: Matt to gather more information on the costs and resources
    which would be required to organise an OTC F2F, send questionairre
    to OTC list
Done

AI: Richard to add something to the security process about adding CVE IDs to
    commits; to mention fixes and related trailers
Not done

AI: Richard to consider if we can make the security process public.
Done

AI: Richard to make the security process public.

AI: OTC to review the updated new design process policy proposal
Not done

AI: Richard to do a writeup on the background of issue #20497
In progress

** Discussion on #20436 (--strict-warnings)

OTC: We should fix the header in all branches (3.0/3.1/master).

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#20416: Improve the performance of d2i_AutoPrivateKey and friends
    OTC: This can be merged.

#20501: fixing up EVP_PKEY_get_id for providers
    OTC: This should not be merged. We should fix the documentation.
         The same documentation fix should be done for equivalent functions for
         ciphers and digests.

#20521: fips: implement 140-3 IG DR
    Should we merge this to 3.1 as well as master?
    OTC: We are allowing this in 3.1. The default should be keeping the old
    behaviour.

AI: Tomas to update stable release updates policy to allow non-breaking changes
    required for FIPS compliance

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review draft technical policies: presentation on design policy

We will start a vote on the design policy proposal on the 11th of April.

OTC members should offer their substantial comments by the 4th of April.

** AOB

* Discussion on email investigating potential closure of openssl-users

OTC: The OTC would like to urge the OMC not to close this list.

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Review draft technical policies: presentation on design policy
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Richard to create instructions on how to add an OTC member.
Not done
Converted to OSSLO-84

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new code.
Not done
Converted to OSSLO-85

AI: Hugo to propose possible solutions to make BIO_dgram more safe
Captured in CT-517

AI: Hugo to investigate getting the DDD demos working with
    our current code
Converted to CT-645

AI: OTC to read Stephen's proposed API changes for ECH
Not done

AI: Richard to add something to the security process about adding CVE IDs to
    commits; to mention fixes and related trailers
Converted to OSSLO-87

AI: Richard to make the security process public.
Converted to OSSLO-86

AI: Richard to do a writeup on the background of issue #20497
