Meeting Date: 2023-01-10
Minutes taken by: Matt Caswell
Attendees:
    Paul Dale
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Matt Caswell
    Tomas Mraz
    Shane Lontis
    Richard Levitte
    Nicola Tuveri

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * OTC F2F
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Matt volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Pauli, seconded: Tomas

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tomas

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tomas

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Richard to create instructions on how to add an OTC member.
Not done

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new code.
Not done

AI: Richard to create a security release guide.
Done

AI: Hugo to add some text to the design document proposal
    describing what we are looking for in design documents
Done

AI: OTC to read documentation of existing fuzz testing
    infrastructure
In Progress

AI: Hugo to update the EC compression compatibility testing PR
    to test fewer curves. Use original commit message for Nicola's
    patch
Not done

AI: A vote should be raised on whether to switch warnings
    for unused parameters and for elided field initializers.
    These should be separate votes. (#19626)
Not done and closed

AI: Hugo to propose possible solutions to make BIO_dgram more safe
Not done

AI: OTC to read the QUIC API Overview and QUIC I/O Architecture design docs
In progress (See PR#19770 and PR#18238)

AI: Tomas to create a blog post before the release for pre-approval.
Done

AI: Tomas to try to run Coveralls on 3.1.
Done

AI: Pauli to look at getting Coverity setup before final release of 3.1.
Done

AI: Hugo to respond to ECH email
Done

AI: Hugo to create a mailing list called ech
    All OTC members to be subscribed initially
    Notify OTC members not present that they have been subscribed
Done

AI: Arrange meeting with Stephen about ECH in the new year
In Progress

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** OTC F2F

2/3 days of OTC/committers meeting have been proposed for June 2023 in Czech
Republic. 1 day of meeting with host, followed by 2 days of OTC/committer
meeting. To be scheduled immediately after DevConf.

Vote: OTC should propose to the OMC that we hold an OTC/committer face-2-face
meeting in Czech Republic on 19th-21st June 2023
Proposed by: Dmitry

  Dmitry     [+1]
  Matt       [+1]
  Pauli      [+1]
  Tim        [  ]
  Hugo       [  ]
  Richard    [+1]
  Shane      [ 0]
  Tomas      [+1]
  Kurt       [  ]
  Matthias   [+1]
  Nicola     [+1]

AI: Dmitry to create the vote issue in technical-policies repo

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#19567 Consider requiring OMC & OTC members to publish keys fully via
keys.openpgp.org (or provide them in full via website)

All release managers have done this which should be sufficient

#19922 Should we backport gcc warning fixes to 1.1.1

If someone creates a PR against 1.1.1 and it gets the relevant approvals then it
can be merged

#19939 Making algorithm names/aliases public

Provider authors cannot access the private header with all the algorithm name
aliases. Should we make them public?

This is problematic because it means we cannot add new alias names.

An alternative proposal is to prepopulate the name-map with well known names.

No conclusion was reached. To be revisited.


** Review draft technical policies

Defer.

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * QUIC API and Blocking I/O Discussion
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

An application broke in upgrading 3.0 to the lastest patch release because an
error code changed.

To what extent can error codes be relied on to remain unchanging between
patch and minor releases?

Application authors should not rely on specific error codes unless the
documentation explicitly states this.

AI: Dmitry to document what application authors can rely on for error codes

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Richard to create instructions on how to add an OTC member.

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new code.


AI: OTC to read documentation of existing fuzz testing
    infrastructure

AI: Hugo to update the EC compression compatibility testing PR
    to test fewer curves. Use original commit message for Nicola's
    patch


AI: Hugo to propose possible solutions to make BIO_dgram more safe

AI: OTC to read the QUIC API Overview and QUIC I/O Architecture design docs


AI: Arrange meeting with Stephen about ECH in the new year

AI: Dmitry to create the vote issue in technical-policies repo
