Meeting Date: 2023-05-23
Minutes taken by: Hugo Landau
Attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Nicola Tuveri
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Matt Caswell
    Tim Hudson
    Shane Lontis
    Tomas Mraz
    Richard Levitte

External attendees:
    Anton Arapov

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Locking issues
    * ECH discussion
    * OTC F2F meeting agenda
    * Provider meeting
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Review outstanding actions

AI: OTC members to add things to the F2F agenda they want to discuss
Done

AI: Tomas to structure and schedule the OTC F2F agenda
In progress

AI: Dmitry to investigate catering for OTC F2F
In progress

AI: All to respond to Tomas's requests for agenda scheduling information
Not done

AI: Anton to identify a shepard to arrange provider meetings
Defer

AI: Matt to send notes about Intel meeting to OTC
Done

** Locking (Nico)

https://github.com/openssl/openssl/issues/20715

- We were thinking of inviting Nico to a meeting but the OTC meeting
  time is inconvenient for him (3am).

[Richard joined the call]

- Need a proposal for the agenda of the meeting
  and follow-on actions.

- A preliminary discussion could be a useful input
  to roadmap planning.

Defer until we can come up with a technical community engagement strategy.

** ECH discussion

Defer until we can come up with a technical community engagement strategy.

    "We should go back to Stephen and thank him for coming along. Say, you know
    he got a range of different feedback. It's triggering some conversations.
    We're working through our process of how we allocate substantial features
    into releases. And we'll get back to him. Once we figured out what their
    process is and tell them what the next steps are. And we don't have a time
    frame for that."

** OTC F2F meeting agenda

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1EHyrFzmWX6F6pLlHQtdg9fN58--mKrTc-NqSWJgdkkI/edit#gid=0

The spreadsheet has been updated to assign durations.

We will assign a 15-minute slot to all attendees unless they explicitly
request not to have one.

AI: Tomas to determine who is participating in the F2F remotely

** Provider meeting

Defer

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

Defer

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review draft technical policies

None.

** AOB

Nicola: Security policy & DoS
    Should we revise the security policy? F2F meeting?
    We should have a F2F session, preferably Mark can attend remotely.

AI: Tomas to reach out to see if Mark can remotely attend a security policy
    session (30m)

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Technical community engagement strategy
    * OTC F2F meeting agenda
    * Provider meeting
    * Param performance enhancements (Pauli)
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Tomas to structure and schedule the OTC F2F agenda

AI: Dmitry to investigate catering for OTC F2F

AI: All to respond to Tomas's requests for agenda scheduling information

AI: Anton to identify a shepard to arrange provider meetings

AI: Tomas to determine who is participating in the F2F remotely

AI: Tomas to reach out to see if Mark can remotely attend a security policy
    session (30m)
