Meeting Date: 2023-12-05
Minutes taken by: Hugo Landau
Attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Shane Lontis
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Tomas Mraz
    Richard Levitte
    Tim Hudson
    Matt Caswell

External attendees:
    Neil Horman

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * OTC public communications
    * Clarifying RSC
    * NULL
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Tim

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Tim

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Tomas

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Anton to write a policy for feature branches (including how to review rebases)
In progress

AI: Matthias to produce a writeup on his proposal for fixing applink
In progress

AI: Tomas to review #19084 (config option to limit MDs used in signatures)
Not done

AI: Tim to review #19084 (config option to limit MDs used in signatures)
Not done

AI: OTC to read the QUIC Server API document (#21795)
In progress

AI: Matt to investigate if a test can be easily added to #22779
Not done

AI: Matt to comment on #21668 asking for an update with a view to inclusion in 3.3
Not done

AI: Matt to ensure providers meeting announcement is sent today
Done

AI: Matt to send draft presentations to otc@
Done for users, authors still being worked on

** OTC public communications

We can start documenting the rationale for decisions
in the minutes, and then just link to the minutes from
an issue which has an OTC decision posted, rather than
posting the decision in the thread.

Should we record meetings and publish recordings?
Some support for this idea.

There is a risk we will accidentially not edit out security
information.

We think recording and publishing recordings would benefit
our mission of transparency.

Forward steps:
  - Consult other OTC members
  - Consult the wider community
  - Do a trial recording
  - Split meetings into public and private meetings,
    with the private meeting being for discussion of security issues

Broad agreement that we should probably do this but details
need to be figured out:
  - Under what circumstances should items be edited out?
    There are different reasons to edit something out:
    Security information, personal information,
    FIPS lab information, CoC violations, ...

A full recording of the private meeting should be available
to the OTC members not in attendance. It is possible we could
publish security discussions after the CVEs go public

We should have a disclaimer at the start of the recording
that we are speaking as individuals and not as company
representatives.

AI: Hugo to write a draft OTC Meeting Recording Strategy

** Clarifying RSC

Defer

** NULL

Should we do NULL argument checks in public APIs?
    Policy says yes for new APIs (coding style s. 6.1)

Is the coding style document a guideline or a set of rules?

Are changes to the coding style document desirable?

AI: Neil to summarise our present issues with code style

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

Defer

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review draft technical policies

Defer

** AOB

Next week's OTC meeting is cancelled due to clashing with
a providers meeting.

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * OTC public communications
    * Clarifying RSC
    * #19084 (Tim)
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Anton to write a policy for feature branches (including how to review rebases)

AI: Matthias to produce a writeup on his proposal for fixing applink

AI: Tomas to review #19084 (config option to limit MDs used in signatures)

AI: Tim to review #19084 (config option to limit MDs used in signatures)

AI: OTC to read the QUIC Server API document (#21795)

AI: Matt to investigate if a test can be easily added to #22779

AI: Matt to comment on #21668 asking for an update with a view to inclusion in 3.3

AI: Matt to send draft presentations to otc@
Done for users, authors still being worked on

AI: Neil to summarise our present issues with code style
