Meeting Date: 2023-11-14
Minutes taken by: Hugo Landau
Attendees:
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Hugo Landau
    Richard Levitte
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Matt Caswell
    Tomas Mraz
    Shane Lontis
    Nicola Tuveri
    Tim Hudson

External attendees:
    Neil Horman
    Anton Arapov

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * 3.2 status
    * Add config option to limit MDs used in signatures (19084)
    * Algorithm APIs for PKEY (Richard)
    * Assembly situation (Shane)
    * QUIC Server API
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
      * Experimental features policy
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Tomas

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Everyone to read or review #19084 (Config option to limit MDs)
In progress

AI: Anton to write a policy for feature branches (including how to review rebases)
In progress

AI: Matthias to produce a writeup on his proposal for fixing applink
In progress, Matthias will create an issue for discussion

AI: Tomas to send an email about IETF experience
Done

AI: Tomas to update the stable release updates policy to
    clarify that beta is considered stable
PR created

** 3.2 status

We have new fuzzer issues which are fixed but we should
probably not release on Thursday. We will wait until
the next OTC meeting to make a decision, postponing the
release for a week.

We would like fuzzing to be clean for a week before
releasing.

Neil has made significant progress on diagnosing NonStop
issues and fixed many issues. There are still many test
failures to be diagnosed and it is still not a blocker
for release.

[Nicola joined the call]
[Tim joined the call]

** Add config option to limit MDs used in signatures (19084)

Pending on people reading the PR

The belief is that the PR is in a good state but thorough
review is desirable.

AI: Tomas to review #19084 (config option to limit MDs used in signatures)
AI: Tim to review #19084 (config option to limit MDs used in signatures)

** Algorithm APIs for PKEY (Richard)

Richard has a PR up: #22672

Implementation is likely to begin soon.

Richard presented the design.

** Assembly situation (Shane)

We have a situation where assembly changes on some platforms
are not tested until merge. This led to some broken assembly
being merged.

How can we ensure assembly is tested?

- We could add a drop-on-merge commit to amend the workflow
  file to do cross-compile testing for a PR that changes assembly,
  but this requires the contributor to do it manually.
  (Hugo)

- We could have a workflow which autodetects a special command
  in commit messages to enable cross-compile testing.
  (Hugo)

- We could try doing cross-compile with evp_test only on all PRs.
  (Tomas)

We will try adopting option 3 for now.

AI: Tomas to create an issue to enable cross compile with evp_test
    only for PRs

** QUIC Server API

https://github.com/openssl/openssl/pull/21795

AI: Hugo to amend the Server DDD issue to include analysis of
    DTLS (possibly SCTP) use cases, and prioritise work on
    this

AI: OTC to read the QUIC Server API document (#21795)

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#22566: Add RSA_OAEP_WITH_TLS_PADDING support for legacy
    Do we want to add this support to legacy codepaths?
    OTC: This can be accepted subject to standard review process.

#22596: Security hardening: Linux Enable Position Independent Execution (PIE)
    OTC: Should we have an option to enable this?
    OTC: Should we make this on by default?
        OTC: This should be a build-time option, which can be on
             by default for selected platforms after they are tested
             to work.

#22602: When DH_check() finds P to be excessively large, only set that flag

    topic: Accept PR #22602
    comment: https://github.com/openssl/openssl/pull/22602
    Proposed by Matt.
    Public: yes
    opened: 2023-11-14
    closed: 2023-11-14
    accepted:  no  (for: 1, against: 3, abstained: 5, not voted: 2)

      Dmitry     [ 0]
      Matt       [-1]
      Pauli      [  ]
      Tim        [ 0]
      Hugo       [ 0]
      Richard    [+1]
      Shane      [-1]
      Tomas      [-1]
      Kurt       [  ]
      Matthias   [-0]
      Nicola     [-0]

#22711: Safe bit shift operations
    OTC: we don't need to prefix these in this PR but in another PR
    we could change them all to have a prefix

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review draft technical policies

There are two new draft technical policies:

#79: Experimental features policy
    Defer

#80: Stable release updates policy applies to pre-release branches
    Defer

** AOB

Nicola - provider meeting preparations:
    Nicola discussed the use and development of providers
    with several people at the IETF conference.

    Better documentation would be nice. We have good reference documentation but
    are lacking narrative documentation, both for use and development of
    providers.

Provider meetings still under development, planning to have two tracks:
    provider authors and provider users.

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * 3.2 status
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Everyone to read or review #19084 (Config option to limit MDs)

AI: Anton to write a policy for feature branches (including how to review rebases)

AI: Matthias to produce a writeup on his proposal for fixing applink

AI: Tomas to review #19084 (config option to limit MDs used in signatures)

AI: Tim to review #19084 (config option to limit MDs used in signatures)

AI: Tomas to create an issue to enable cross compile with evp_test
    only for PRs

AI: Hugo to amend the Server DDD issue to include analysis of
    DTLS (possibly SCTP) use cases, and prioritise work on
    this
Issue amended (project#111)

AI: OTC to read the QUIC Server API document (#21795)
