Meeting Date: 2023-03-28
Minutes taken by: Hugo Landau
Attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Matt Caswell
    Richard Levitte
    Shane Lontis
    Tomas Mraz
    Tim Hudson

External attendees:
    Anton Arapov

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Talk on DevConf
    * OTC F2F
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Tomas

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Review outstanding actions

AI: OTC to read Stephen's proposed API changes for ECH
Not done

AI: Richard to do a writeup on the background of issue #20497
Done

AI: Tomas to update stable release updates policy to allow non-breaking changes
    required for FIPS compliance
Not done

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#20600: Use of method cache can lead to infinite recursion in providers
    OSSLO-90: Reach out to community of provider writers

    OTC: We discussed this and we agree that we should make the provider
    author's life easier at least by better documentation and perhaps some
    helper functions.

#20567: Add high level interface to HPKE
    OTC: According to our policy we cannot accept this as a library API as it
    does not implement a standard but would be happy to accept something like
    this as a demo.

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review draft technical policies

None.

** Talk on DevConf

- 25 minutes
- What do we want to talk about?
    - Community Engagement
    - 3.1 and 3.2; EOL of earlier versions, LTS
    - High level project roadmap

Tomas recommended to produce and give the presentation.

Tomas to produce a presentation for review (=> OSSLO-91)

** OTC F2F

OMC have approved a budget for an OTC F2F.

The preferred option is for employer funding. We can cover travel costs in
accordance with our travel policy. An organisation has offered a venue to host
the F2F.

We need to determine an agenda.

The agenda will determine which parts of the meeting are open, which involve
external organisations, etc.

topic: OTC will hold a face to face meeting in Brno on 19th-21st June 2023 open
       to all OTC members and committers. Attendees must confirm participation by 14th
       April including whether or not project funding is required.
Proposed by Tim.
Public: yes
opened: 2023-03-28
closed: 2023-03-28
accepted: yes   (for: 8, against: 0, abstained: 0, not voted: 3)

  Dmitry     [+1]
  Matt       [+1]
  Pauli      [  ]
  Tim        [+1]
  Hugo       [+1]
  Richard    [+1]
  Shane      [+1]
  Tomas      [+1]
  Kurt       [  ]
  Matthias   [+1]
  Nicola     [  ]

https://github.com/openssl/technical-policies/issues/66

AI: Dmitry to write up comments on travel logistics by the 14th April.
AI: Dmitry to write an email to the committers list inviting them to the F2F

[Tomas left the meeting]

** AOB

It might help to have some guidance on how to install the FIPS provider.
Should the FIPS module manpage be amended to cover installation?

AI: Shane to update the FIPS module manpage to cover installation

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Branch policy deployment
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: OTC to read Stephen's proposed API changes for ECH
Not done

AI: Tomas to update stable release updates policy to allow non-breaking changes
    required for FIPS compliance
Not done

AI: Dmitry to write up comments on travel logistics by the 14th April.

AI: Dmitry to write an email to the committers list inviting them to the F2F

AI: Shane to update the FIPS module manpage to cover installation
