Meeting Date: 2023-11-07
Minutes taken by: Hugo Landau
Attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Paul Dale
    Richard Levitte
    Matt Caswell
    Shane Lontis
    Tomas Mraz
    Tim Hudson

External attendees:
    Neil Horman

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * 3.2 status
    * OTC at IETF
    * LMS design (Shane)
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

AI: Everyone to read or review #19084 (Config option to limit MDs)

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Tomas

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Tim

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matthias

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Anton to write a policy for feature branches (including how to review rebases)
Not done

AI: Matthias to produce a writeup on his proposal for fixing applink
Not done

AI: Everyone to read the LMS design (#22357) (last chance before discussion)
Done

AI: Hugo to create an issue to ensure workflow is communicated to new developers
Done (project#273)

AI: Hugo to schedule WG discussion of extending openssl-committers@
Done

AI: Hugo to schedule WG discussion of public Matrix channels
Done

AI: Hugo to create an epic about solving the atexit problem
Done (project#271)

AI: Hugo to create an issue to rename likely/unlikely
Done (project #272)

** 3.2 status

We seem to be on track for a final release.

Should we do one more beta?

Unclear there is any significantly compelling reason
for another beta, just minor issues. We can make a call
on this at the next meeting.

Fuzzing continues to find QUIC issues.

Nonstop issues cannot block the release though we should
make our best efforts to fix Nonstop issues prior to the
release. Neil to assist rsbecker in debugging Nonstop issues.

** OTC at IETF

We have several OTC members who attended IETF 118 for one
or more days (Tomas for one day, Nicola, Dmitry).

Tomas's report:
    It was good to see how these meetings work.
    Anyone can speak, including online attendees.

    The hackathon is more about meeting people
    implementing the standards F2F than coding.

    Tomas attended the TLS WG meeting.

AI: Tomas to send an email about IETF experience

** LMS design (Shane)

Many HSM vendors use OpenSSL internally
and will want LMS in OpenSSL as the basis of their
offering.

Standards bodies are continuing to try to
establish some kind of requirement on secure
state management for stateful signature functions.

The actual implementation Shane is working on is HSS.

We gave feedback on the proposed API design.

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#22186: Permit access to select environment where net-cap-bind support
        active
    OTC: We cannot accept this PR. We do not want to hardcode
    exemption for specific environment variables or to depend
    on Linux-specific syscalls or Linux capability APIs.
    We would consider a mechanism which allows an application to
    specify a list of environment variable names which should not
    be routed via secure getenv.

    PR closed.

#22450: crypto/initthread.c: fix misspelled OSSL_provider_init() in comment
    Should code comment fixes (which aren't considered bugs)
    be allowed in a beta even though they wouldn't be allowed
    in a stable release?

    OTC: We treat beta as a stable release.

AI: Tomas to update the stable release updates policy to
    clarify that beta is considered stable

#22529: Fix the encoding of SM2 keys
    OTC: This is a regression. We need to test the backwards compatibility with keys encoded both ways.

Defer remaining issues

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review draft technical policies

None aside from minor edits.

** AOB

None

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * 3.2 status
    * OTC at IETF
    * Applink
    * Add config option to limit MDs used in signatures (19084)
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Everyone to read or review #19084 (Config option to limit MDs)

AI: Anton to write a policy for feature branches (including how to review rebases)

AI: Matthias to produce a writeup on his proposal for fixing applink

AI: Tomas to send an email about IETF experience

AI: Tomas to update the stable release updates policy to
    clarify that beta is considered stable
