Meeting Date: 2023-03-14
Minutes taken by: Hugo Landau
Attendees:
    Richard Levitte
    Hugo Landau
    Shane Lontis
    Matt Caswell
    Paul Dale
    Tomas Mraz
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Nicola Tuveri
    Tim Hudson
    Matthias St. Pierre

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Release discussion
    * Audit discussion
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Richard to create instructions on how to add an OTC member.
Not done

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new code.
Not done

AI: Hugo to update the EC compression compatibility testing PR
    to test fewer curves. Use original commit message for Nicola's
    patch
Not done

AI: Hugo to propose possible solutions to make BIO_dgram more safe
Not done

AI: Hugo to revise CSM to allow application to artifically
    inject incoming QUIC datagrams using a new public API
    on a QUIC connection SSL object
Done

AI: Tomas to investigate Cloudflare interop for QUIC
Done

AI: Hugo to investigate getting the DDD demos working with
    our current code
Not done

AI: OTC to read Stephen's proposed API changes for ECH
Not done

AI: Matt to gather more information on the costs and resources
    which would be required to organise an OTC F2F, send questionairre
    to OTC list
In progress

AI: Richard to add something to the security process about adding CVE IDs to
    commits; to mention fixes and related trailers
In progress

AI: Richard to consider if we can make the security process public.
Under consideration

[Tim joined the call]

AI: Dmitry to add a hold on #20375
Not needed

AI: OTC to review the updated new design process policy proposal
Not done

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

None.

** Release discussion

3.1 release is planned for this afternoon.

No blockers for release.

topic: Accept PR #20484 into the 3.1.0 release
Proposed by Tim.
Public: yes
opened: 2023-03-14
closed: 2023-03-14
accepted: yes   (for: 8, against: 0, abstained: 1, not voted: 2)

  Dmitry     [+1]
  Matt       [+1]
  Pauli      [+1]
  Tim        [+1]
  Hugo       [+1]
  Richard    [+1]
  Shane      [+1]
  Tomas      [+1]
  Kurt       [  ]
  Matthias   [  ]
  Nicola     [+0]

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

[Matthias joined the call]

** Audit discussion

We are planning an external audit of the OpenSSL codebase. We will
have a meeting to define the scope of the audit soon.

Matt will send an email seeking input on scope.

** Review draft technical policies

Presentation on design policy to be scheduled for next meeting.

** AOB

PR #20436: Fix master build with --strict-warnings
    Should we take this for 3.1.0?
    Should the header or the source file be fixed?

Options:
    - Fix the header in 3.0, 3.1 and master
    - Fix the source in 3.0, 3.1 and master
    - Fix in 3.2/4.0 only
    - Fix in 4.0 only

PR #20501: fixing up EVP_PKEY_get_id for providers
    We need someone to write up possible solutions.

AI: Richard to do a writeup on the background of the issue

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Discussion on #20436 (--strict-warnings)
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Review draft technical policies: presentation on design policy
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Richard to create instructions on how to add an OTC member.

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new code.

AI: Hugo to update the EC compression compatibility testing PR
    to test fewer curves. Use original commit message for Nicola's
    patch

AI: Hugo to propose possible solutions to make BIO_dgram more safe

AI: Hugo to investigate getting the DDD demos working with
    our current code

AI: OTC to read Stephen's proposed API changes for ECH

AI: Matt to gather more information on the costs and resources
    which would be required to organise an OTC F2F, send questionairre
    to OTC list

AI: Richard to add something to the security process about adding CVE IDs to
    commits; to mention fixes and related trailers

AI: Richard to consider if we can make the security process public.

AI: OTC to review the updated new design process policy proposal

AI: Richard to do a writeup on the background of issue #20436
