Meeting Date: 2023-01-24
Minutes taken by: Hugo Landau
Attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Matt Caswell
    Kurt Roeckx
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Shane Lontis
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Nicola Tuveri
    Tomas Mraz

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Stephen Farrell - ECH Discussion (30 minutes)
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Tomas

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Shane

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Richard to create instructions on how to add an OTC member.
Not done

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new code.
Not done

AI: Hugo to update the EC compression compatibility testing PR
    to test fewer curves. Use original commit message for Nicola's
    patch
Not done

AI: Hugo to propose possible solutions to make BIO_dgram more safe
Not done

AI: Hugo to arrange meeting with Stephen about ECH in the new year
Done

AI: Dmitry to create the vote issue in technical-policies repo
Done

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

** ECH

Application will be responsible for retrieving ECHConfig
    and passing it to OpenSSL
Thus this cannot be turned on (by OpenSSL) 'automatically'

Do we want to have the same APIs as BoringSSL?
    - No need to stray from that API unnecessarily
    - But we also don't need to use it exactly
    => 'BoringSSL compatibility is not a goal;
        avoiding BoringSSL compatibility is not a goal'
    Normal code review process for APIs

We would like a design document providing at least
a rough outline of what the API would look like.

Testing: How to handle TLSProxy?

** Review draft technical policies

Not done

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * QUIC API and Blocking I/O Discussion
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

None.

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Richard to create instructions on how to add an OTC member.

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new code.

AI: Hugo to update the EC compression compatibility testing PR
    to test fewer curves. Use original commit message for Nicola's
    patch

AI: Hugo to propose possible solutions to make BIO_dgram more safe
