Meeting Date: 2023-09-05
Minutes taken by: Hugo Landau
Attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Kurt Roeckx
    Matt Caswell
    Tomas Mraz
    Tim Hudson
    Shane Lontis
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Paul Dale
    Nicola Tuveri

External attendees:
    Anton Arapov
    Neil Horman
    Dmitry Misharov
    Tomas Vavra

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Inviting our new contractors
    * Review outstanding actions
    * OpenSSL 3.2 Alpha
    * Use of urgent PRs
    * FIPS Indicators
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Tim

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Inviting our new contractors

[Nicola joined the call]

OTC invites our new contractors Neil Horman, Dmitry Misharov and Tomas Vavra
to attend OTC as external attendees.

None of these are required to attend and it is expected that
attendance will not generally be relevant for Dmitry and Tomas.

[Anton joined the call]
[Neil joined the call]
[Dmitry Misharov joined the call]
[Tomas Vavra joined the call]

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Matt to respond to DTLS 1.3 PR asking contributor to raise PR against master
Done

AI: Tomas to deactivate the inactive committers and email them
Done

** OpenSSL 3.2 Alpha

All alpha blockers are cleared.

We would like to make the first 3.2 alpha release on Thursday.

Beta implies an API freeze.

Plan:
  - We make a blogpost today announcing that we will release
    an alpha on Thursday.

  - We make an alpha on Thursday.

  - We make a beta two weeks after that.

  - We have the option for an additional alpha if needed but it
    is not planned.

  - Feature freeze will start with beta.

AI: Hugo to write blogpost about imminent alpha,
    feature freeze & release plans to be published today

** Use of urgent PRs

Should we be using urgent for things like CI breakage?
e.g. when CI has been broken for a long time?

Proposal: "The use of the urgent tag should be limited to contexts where the
breakage is within the CI (including buildbot) within the last 72 hours and the
change is straight forward."

AI: Matt to raise a proposal for a policy change regarding use of the urgent tag

** FIPS Indicators

We have a FIPS cross-validation failure.

Some changes were in 3.0.9.

We need to do indicators. We do not have to do them now.
Eventually they will be needed.
Implicit indicators will not work for us.

[Kurt left the call]

Interaction of indicators with PKCS11 is a major question.

Not for 3.2. Not scheduled for 3.x yet.

If we get a request from CMVP to implement explicit indicators it may
need to be scheduled for a release at short notice.

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#21826: Add ability to derive primes in EVP_PKEY_fromdata
    OTC: The explicit OSSL_PARAM must be present to derive the missing
         CRT params.

#21919: MUTEX: Assert on locking failure
    OTC: OPENSSL_assert(), i.e., abort in both debug and non-debug builds, can
    be used here.

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review draft technical policies

Defer

** AOB

Dmitry has submitted several PRs containing Redhat
FIPS changes. They are not intended for 3.2 but
Dmitry asks which are acceptable changes.

AI: Everyone to read Dmitry's Redhat FIPS PRs

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Redhat FIPS PRs
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Hugo to write blogpost about imminent alpha,
    feature freeze & release plans to be published today

AI: Matt to raise a proposal for a policy change regarding use of the urgent tag

AI: Everyone to read Dmitry's Redhat FIPS PRs
