Meeting Date: 2023-11-28
Minutes taken by: Hugo Landau
Attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Nicola Tuveri
    Shane Lontis
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Tomas Mraz
    Richard Levitte
    Matt Caswell
    Tim Hudson

External attendees:
    Neil Horman
    Anton Arapov

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * 3.2 status
    * NonStop threading support (Randall)
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Nicola

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Nicola

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Nicola

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Anton to write a policy for feature branches (including how to review rebases)
In progress

AI: Matthias to produce a writeup on his proposal for fixing applink
In progress

AI: Tomas to review #19084 (config option to limit MDs used in signatures)
In progress

AI: Tim to review #19084 (config option to limit MDs used in signatures)
In progress

AI: OTC to read the QUIC Server API document (#21795)
Not done

AI: Tomas to triage the Coverity issues and determine which (if any) need fixing
Done

AI: Hugo to update release notes PR to add known issues
Done

AI: Matt to investigate if a test can be easily added to #22779
Not done
AI: Hugo to review #22779 by today
Cancelled - no longer urgent

AI: Matt to review #22779 by today
Cancelled - no longer urgent

AI: Hugo to create an issue for clarifying the policy on demos
Issue created (project#351)

AI: Hugo to create an issue for revising our release checklists
Issue created (project#352)

AI: Matt to comment on #21668 asking for an update with a view to inclusion in 3.3
Not done

** NonStop threading support (Randall)

https://github.com/openssl/openssl/pull/22807
Hugo would like to invite Randall to talk about this OTC hold at this meeting.

No objections

[Richard joined the call]
[Matt joined the call]
[Tim joined the call]

** 3.2 and 3.3 status

We released 3.2.0.

The RSC has been appointed. Anton, Matt, Tim C from NetApp and Denis from
Oracle. We have had a meeting to cover the high level details of what
was interesting. Now we need to determine what is realistic for 3.3.

We will be updating our Roadmap page on the website to reflect
our plans.

Only commitment for 3.3 is server-side QUIC.
We hope to address performance issues.
We will do fuzzing earlier in the release cycle.

We need to figure out our FIPS story now that Pauli has left.

Shane can assist with FIPS work.

We do not intend to do PQC by April.

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#22807: Deprecate SPT threading on NonStop
    The NonStop maintainer has requested dropping support for SPT
        in 3.2 and master.
    We should remove support for SPT in 3.2.
    There is no contest that this should be removed in master.

    topic: Support for the NonStop SPT threading model and SPT build configs
           can be removed from 3.2 branch subject to no objections being
           received from the community within two weeks after this vote passing
    Proposed by Tim
    Public: yes
    opened: 2023-11-28
    closed: 2023-11-28
    accepted:  yes  (for: 9, against: 0, abstained: 0, not voted: 1)

      Dmitry     [+1]
      Matt       [+1]
      Tim        [+1]
      Hugo       [+1]
      Richard    [+1]
      Shane      [+1]
      Tomas      [+1]
      Kurt       [  ]
      Matthias   [+1]
      Nicola     [+1]

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review draft technical policies

#80: Stable release updates policy applies to pre-release branches

** AOB

Provider meetings:
    Dates are 6 and 7 December for users.
    Dates are 11 and 12 December for authors.
    Open to all.
    Reviews of the draft presentations are welcome.

AI: Matt to ensure providers meeting announcement is sent today

AI: Matt to send draft presentations to otc@

Do OQS want to upstream their work?
    We should wait until after the providers meetings.
    Not for 3.3.

Matthias: Release Steering Committee
    How does it work?
    We do not have this written down yet.

We are communicating the decisions we have made
but not our underlying rationales.

The possibility of public transcripts of the OTC meetings
was discussed. Having private transcripts would definitely be
useful.

Should resources be allocated to improve communication
of what OTC does?

OTC requests that the project allocate resources to communicating the role of
OTC within the project to the community and facilitating other community
engagement with the work of OTC.

OTC needs to figure out how to engage with the wider community, not just
the developer community. We have previously discussed standards body
engagement also.

OTC can take initiative to solve problems it identifies and does not
need to simply respond to other committees. It can make recommendations,
including to expend resources. It can identify organisational problems
as well as technical ones, such as with OTC's communication, and propose
solutions for consideration.

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * OTC public communications
    * Clarifying RSC
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Anton to write a policy for feature branches (including how to review rebases)

AI: Matthias to produce a writeup on his proposal for fixing applink

AI: Tomas to review #19084 (config option to limit MDs used in signatures)

AI: Tim to review #19084 (config option to limit MDs used in signatures)

AI: OTC to read the QUIC Server API document (#21795)

AI: Matt to investigate if a test can be easily added to #22779

AI: Matt to comment on #21668 asking for an update with a view to inclusion in 3.3

AI: Matt to ensure providers meeting announcement is sent today

AI: Matt to send draft presentations to otc@
