Meeting Date: 2023-08-29
Minutes taken by: Hugo Landau
Attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Richard Levitte
    Shane Lontis
    Tomas Mraz
    Matt Caswell
    Tim Hudson

External attendees:
    Anton Arapov

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * DTLS 1.3, feature branch creation
    * Locking discussion
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Tim

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Tim

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Matt to respond to questions about implementing DTLS 1.3, ask about APIs
Done

AI: Matt to write a first draft of a guide for feature contributors
Issue created (project#174)

** DTLS 1.3, feature branch creation

- Ordinary PR against master for now so we can start review.

- We will defer feature branch creation until we have a policy.

AI: Matt to respond to DTLS 1.3 PR asking contributor to raise PR against master

** Locking discussion

We previously considered inviting Nico to an OTC meeting to discuss locking.

This issue should be considered during release steering.

How should we respond to Nico?
    => We aren't ready yet / are still working on prioritising this.

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#20783: PKCS8: Allow password-based KDF salt len to be specified when writing
        an encrypted private key
#21858: Change PBES PBKDF2 default salt length to 16 bytes

    OTC: We want the approach from #21858 but apply the default longer salt length
         also to scrypt. We also want an option for specifying the salt length
         in apps. This is for master branch only.

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review draft technical policies

None

** AOB

We have hired several new people: one engineer, two devops.
    Neil Horman, Engineer
    Tomas Vavra, Devops
    Dmitry Misharov, Devops

We have two inactive committers.

AI: Tomas to deactivate the deactivate the inactive committers and email them

Dmitry asks people to review the provider load_ex API PR (#21604)

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Matt to respond to DTLS 1.3 PR asking contributor to raise PR against master

AI: Tomas to deactivate the deactivate the inactive committers and email them
