Meeting Date: 2023-10-17
Minutes taken by: Hugo Landau
Attendees:
    Nicola Tuveri
    Richard Levitte
    Hugo Landau
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Matt Caswell
    Tomas Mraz
    Shane Lontis
    Tim Hudson

External attendees:
    Neil Horman
    Anton Arapov

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Beta approval
    * Applink
    * Add config option to limit MDs used in signatures (19084)
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Tim

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Anton to write a policy for feature branches (including how to review rebases)
Not done

AI: Shane to consider LMS API and write a design.
Done

AI: Hugo to create issue about producing infrastructure for auditing OS symbol usage
Done (#22330)

** Beta approval

DRBG issues:
    #22394 should go into Beta 1 and should be backfitted to 3.1.

    #22342: OTC hold pending outcome of #22394.

QUIC Fuzzing:
    We now have a fuzzer.
    It has identified some issues.

    Investigating the undiagnosed issues identified by the fuzzer
    should be a beta blocker. Fixing them is not necessarily
    a beta blocker, depending on their severity.

VMS Failures:
    We agreed last week this is not a beta blocker.
    Decision on whether this is a blocker for final release
    is deferred.

We are not ready for Beta 1 yet:
    - QUIC fuzzer needs a second approval
    - Update fuzzer corpora
    - QUIC fuzzing issues need to be diagnosed
    - DRBG PRs need to be resolved

Earliest possible beta would be on the 26th.
Final release will not be in October.

** Applink

AI: Matthias to produce a writeup on his proposal for fixing applink

AI: Anton to create issue to remove FAQ and issue to create new FAQ

** Add config option to limit MDs used in signatures (19084)

PR is ready for review. The OTC's attention is drawn to the PR.

Should we have fuzzing for config files?

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#11915: "openssl cms" with EdDSA does not work
Not an OTC question

#22316: Avoid using gets as an argument name in a prototype
Defer

#22357: Add design document for LMS
Defer

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review draft technical policies

None

** AOB

Matthias:
    The DRBG issue (#22342) was marked for 3.0 as well.
    OTC: Is this a mistake? To be determined.

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Beta approval
    * Applink
    * gets as argument name (#22316)
    * Add config option to limit MDs used in signatures (19084)
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Anton to write a policy for feature branches (including how to review rebases)

AI: Matthias to produce a writeup on his proposal for fixing applink

AI: Anton to create issue to remove FAQ and issue to create new FAQ

AI: Everyone to read the LMS design
