Meeting Date: 2023-06-27
Minutes taken by: Hugo Landau
Attendees:
    Paul Dale
    Hugo Landau
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Nicola Tuveri
    Matt Caswell
    Tim Hudson
    Tomas Mraz

External attendees:
    Anton Arapov

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * OTC F2F aftermath
    * Provider meeting
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Everyone to add abstracts to F2F agenda items, google doc with agenda
    abstracts linked from spreadsheet
Done

AI: Hugo to create an issue to track SSL_writev issue after 3.2
Done (#20918, existing issue)

** OTC F2F aftermath

AI: Anton to check minutes from F2F and ensure action items are picked up

AI: Anton to find someone to write a blog post about the OTC F2F

AI: Dmitry to check Red Hat F2F minutes and ensure action items are picked up

[Tim joined the call]
[Tomas joined the call]

- New roles needed to get input from all of our communities
- New people needed with links to other communities

** Provider meeting

[Tim left the call]

The proposal is to split into two tracks: Provider Users and Provider
Developers.

We will need to have multiple sessions for each track due to timezones.
e.g. Two sessions per track: 8am UTC, 4pm UTC. We could do three per
track.

AI: Anton to make sure that OTC can access the project board

AI: Matt to mail the provider meeting planning text to the openssl-committers@ list

AI: Anton to schedule tasks for preparation of provider meetings

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

Defer

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review draft technical policies

None.

** AOB

Pauli: Should FIPS installer be backwards compatible or FIPS compliant?
    Defer to WG

Matthias: Should we discuss the movement from Issues to Discussions?
    Added to agenda

Matthias: Severities in national vulnerabilities database
    https://gist.github.com/mspncp/d8be8cc4f4d34074462517b94b28381a
    https://daniel.haxx.se/blog/2023/03/06/nvd-makes-up-vulnerability-severity-levels/

AI: Anton to find someone to write a blog post about vulnerability classification (Mark?)

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Provider meeting
    * Switch to GitHub Discussions
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Anton to check minutes from F2F and ensure action items are picked up

AI: Anton to find someone to write a blog post about the OTC F2F

AI: Dmitry to check Red Hat F2F minutes and ensure action items are picked up

AI: Anton to make sure that OTC can access the project board

AI: Matt to mail the provider meeting planning text to the openssl-committers@ list

AI: Anton to schedule tasks for preparation of provider meetings

AI: Anton to find someone to write a blog post about vulnerability classification (Mark?)
