Meeting Date: 2023-04-25
Minutes taken by: Hugo Landau
Attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Shane Lontis
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Matt Caswell
    Nicola Tuveri
    Tomas Mraz
    Richard Levitte

External attendees:

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * OTC F2F meeting agenda
    * Stephen's proposed API for ECH
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Nicola

** Review outstanding actions

AI: OTC to read Stephen's proposed API changes for ECH
In progress

AI: Shane to update the FIPS module manpage to cover installation
Not done

[Richard joined the call]

AI: OTC to read Mark's email about CVSS scores
Done

AI: Tomas to create a Google Doc to collaborate on OTC F2F agenda
Done

** OTC F2F meeting agenda

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1EHyrFzmWX6F6pLlHQtdg9fN58--mKrTc-NqSWJgdkkI/edit#gid=0

AI: OTC members to add things to the agenda they want to discuss

AI: Hugo to email committers list asking for agenda items

People without access to the spreadsheet can request
access (or email their suggestions)

** Stephen's proposed API for ECH

What do we need to do to advance this?

- Would be good to discuss this in a meeting
  but OTC needs to have read the draft API PR first

- We can ask Stephen when he can join the meeting
  and set a date to walk us through the API.

AI: Hugo to contact Stephen and arrange a date to bring
    him into OTC, e.g. at meeting after next
    OTC should have at least one meeting's advance notice of date.

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#20772: OpenSSL emits invalid ASN.1 when an explicit text contains
        non-ASCII text, but no explicit tag

    OTC: This is a bug. A PR should be raised for 3.2 to
         automatically upgrade to a suitable string type when a
         character is requested in a string which cannot be 
         represented as a VisibleString and an encoding is not 
         specified. We should not emit invalid DER. We will decide 
         whether such a PR is to be backported to stable branches 
         after that PR is opened.

#20790: Make the min/max proto functions do something sensible for QUIC
    OTC hold removed

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review draft technical policies

Nothing to discuss.

** AOB

AI: Matt to organise a meeting with Intel

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * OTC F2F meeting agenda
    * Stephen's proposed API for ECH
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: OTC to read Stephen's proposed API changes for ECH

AI: Shane to update the FIPS module manpage to cover installation

AI: OTC members to add things to the agenda they want to discuss

AI: Hugo to email committers list asking for agenda items

AI: Hugo to contact Stephen and arrange a date to bring
    him into OTC, e.g. at meeting after next
    OTC should have at least one meeting's advance notice of date.

AI: Matt to organise a meeting with Intel
