Meeting Date: 2023-11-20
Minutes taken by: Hugo Landau
Attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Nicola Tuveri
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Shane Lontis
    Tomas Mraz
    Kurt Roeckx
    Richard Levitte
    Matt Caswell
    Tim Hudson

External attendees:
    Neil Horman
    Anton Arapov

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * 3.2 status
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Tomas

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Tomas

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Anton to write a policy for feature branches (including how to review rebases)
Not done

AI: Matthias to produce a writeup on his proposal for fixing applink
Not done

AI: Tomas to review #19084 (config option to limit MDs used in signatures)
Not done

AI: Tim to review #19084 (config option to limit MDs used in signatures)
Not done

AI: Tomas to create an issue to enable cross compile with evp_test
    only for PRs
Done, PR created

AI: Hugo to amend the Server DDD issue to include analysis of
    DTLS (possibly SCTP) use cases, and prioritise work on
    this
Issue amended (project#111)

AI: OTC to read the QUIC Server API document (#21795)
Not done

** 3.2 status

No new fuzzer issues. Kurt thinks we probably won't have any new ones as
coverage seems to have settled.

We have had a significant number of new Coverity issues suddenly,
but we think this is probably to do with an upgrade to Coverity.

The Coverity issues are under investigation.

AI: Tomas to triage the Coverity issues and determine which (if any) need fixing

Dmitry: Is #22779 (Allow provider sigalgs in SignatureAlgorithms conf)
    important enough for 3.2?

    Options:
        Release 3.2.0 with this as a known issue. Fix as 3.2.1.

        We have never done this before. We could choose to.

    or
        Get the PR approved before release.
        There is no test which is a problem.
        We could take the PR over.

AI: Hugo to update release notes PR to add known issues

AI: Matt to investigate if a test can be easily added to #22779

AI: Hugo to review #22779 by today

AI: Matt to review #22779 by today

We should try to get this fix merged if possible before Thursday
but this means the fix will need to be approved by end of today
or tomorrow morning at the earliest.

If the fix is not ready we can release with a known issue.

Some of the coverity issues are race conditions due to missing locks.

[Kurt left the call]

We could make an exception to our Coverity policy and communicate
to our users transparently why we are making an exception to our
policy (due to a sudden Coverity upgrade 30 untriaged new issues
were raised).

Ultimately we think #22779 can wait for 3.2.1 and be listed as
a known issue.

topic: OTC agrees that #22577 and #22679 can merge immediately without waiting
for the 24 hour timer and should go into 3.2.0.
Proposed by Hugo
Public: yes
opened: 2023-11-21
closed: 2023-11-21
accepted:  yes (for: 4, against: 0, abstained: 5, not voted: 1)

  Dmitry     [ 0]
  Matt       [+1]
  Tim        [ 0]
  Hugo       [+0]
  Richard    [ 0]
  Shane      [-0]
  Tomas      [+1]
  Kurt       [  ]
  Matthias   [+1]
  Nicola     [+1]

topic: For OpenSSL-3.2 release, we have relaxed the requirement of "There are no
outstanding untriaged Coverity issues" as there has been an update introduced to
scan.coverity.org on 18-Nov-2023 that has identified 30 potential issues. We
will document this as a known issue. OTC approves 3.2.0 as ready for release.
Proposed by Tim
Public: yes
opened: 2023-11-21
closed: 2023-11-21
accepted:  yes  (for: 9, against: 0, abstained: 0, not voted: 1)

  Dmitry     [+1]
  Matt       [+1]
  Tim        [+1]
  Hugo       [+1]
  Richard    [+1]
  Shane      [+1]
  Tomas      [+1]
  Kurt       [  ]
  Matthias   [+1]
  Nicola     [+1]

AI: Hugo to create an issue for clarifying the policy on demos

AI: Hugo to create an issue for revising our release checklists

Revision to release checklists in future:
    - Fuzzing needs to start earlier
    - We need to decide how to handle Coverity better
    - Do we need to tie down CI OS targets (ubuntu-latest etc.)?
    - The last 2 weeks before release should be considered special

AI: Matt to comment on #21668 asking for an update with a view to inclusion in 3.3

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#21875: Add ability to derive primes in EVP_PKEY_fromdata
    OTC: We require n and d being proved and it is an error if it isn't.

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

topic: OTC extends standing approval for contractors to have access to the
security repository and security mailing list when approved at the discretion of
the engineering manager.
Proposed by Nicola
Public: yes
opened: 2023-11-21
closed: 2023-11-21
accepted:  yes  (for: 9, against: 0, abstained: 0, not voted: 1)

  Dmitry     [+1]
  Matt       [+1]
  Tim        [+1]
  Hugo       [+1]
  Richard    [+1]
  Shane      [+1]
  Tomas      [+1]
  Kurt       [  ]
  Matthias   [+1]
  Nicola     [+1]

Nicola noted that we should probably have a policy on this in the future.

[Matthias left the call]

** Review draft technical policies

Defer

** AOB

None

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * 3.2 status
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Anton to write a policy for feature branches (including how to review rebases)

AI: Matthias to produce a writeup on his proposal for fixing applink

AI: Tomas to review #19084 (config option to limit MDs used in signatures)

AI: Tim to review #19084 (config option to limit MDs used in signatures)

AI: OTC to read the QUIC Server API document (#21795)

AI: Tomas to triage the Coverity issues and determine which (if any) need fixing

AI: Hugo to update release notes PR to add known issues

AI: Matt to investigate if a test can be easily added to #22779

AI: Hugo to review #22779 by today

AI: Matt to review #22779 by today

AI: Hugo to create an issue for clarifying the policy on demos
Issue created (project#351)

AI: Hugo to create an issue for revising our release checklists
Issue created (project#352)

AI: Matt to comment on #21668 asking for an update with a view to inclusion in 3.3
