Meeting Date: 2023-07-04
Minutes taken by: Hugo Landau
Attendees:
    Paul Dale
    Hugo Landau
    Shane Lontis
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Nicola Tuveri
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Matt Caswell
    Tomas Mraz
    Tim Hudson

External attendees:
    Anton Arapov

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Provider meeting
    * Switch to GitHub Discussions
    * Proposal for openssl evp command
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Pauli

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Dmitry

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Anton to check minutes from F2F and ensure action items are picked up
In progress, mostly done

AI: Anton to find someone to write a blog post about the OTC F2F
Done (Anton)

AI: Dmitry to check Red Hat F2F minutes and ensure action items are picked up
In progress

AI: Anton to make sure that OTC can access the project board
Done

AI: Matt to mail the provider meeting planning text to the openssl-committers@ list
Done

AI: Anton to schedule tasks for preparation of provider meetings
Done

AI: Anton to find someone to write a blog post about vulnerability classification (Mark?)
In progress

** Provider meeting

- The plan for the provider meetings was sent out to the committers list.

- Idea was to have two tracks and multiple meetings (timezones) per track.

- An alternative proposal has been put forward:
    - The above proposal would require a lot of effort
      and we currently have a lot of resources tied up in 3.2.
    - Ongoing programme of meetings on a monthly basis?
    - We pick a topic, we pick a time, we do a presentation, we invite people
      along, people can ask questions & we put it on YouTube.
    - This would be easier, as we prepare one session every month.

    - Should we do each theme more than once?

- Spreading out the meetings would probably
  be more distracting and still result in the same
  total effort.

- Participants in the meetings would likely prefer
  to attend a single time rather than have to attend
  multiple sessions.

** Switch to GitHub Discussions

- We are going to trial use of GitHub Discussions for questions.

- Proposed categories:

    Questions & Answers (Q&A mode)
    General Discussion (open-ended mode)

- There are two possible uses for the Q&A section:
    - Users asking us questions
    - Keeping a FAQ

AI: Matt to turn on GitHub Discussions using the above categories

AI: Hugo to write pinned post explaining category purpose

AI: Anton to find someone to move useful FAQ items to GitHub Discussions & add
    more useful FAQ items

AI: Anton to find someone to update the issue template to point at GitHub Discussions

AI: Anton to find someone to make a blog post to announce GitHub Discussions,
    email to openssl-users@ when published

** Proposal for openssl evp command

Proposal for an "openssl evp" command

We have an overlap with our existing evptest utility.

Is the purpose diagnostics or a utility?

[Tim left the call]

AI: Dmitry to provide a proposed scope for an "openssl evp" command, similar to evptest

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#21218: Fix decoders so that they use the passed in propq
    Closed in favour of #21219

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review draft technical policies

None.

** AOB

OpenSSL has been ported to WebAssembly:
    https://www.cryptool.org/en/cto/openssl

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Provider meeting
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Anton to check minutes from F2F and ensure action items are picked up

AI: Dmitry to check Red Hat F2F minutes and ensure action items are picked up

AI: Anton to find someone to write a blog post about vulnerability classification (Mark?)

AI: Matt to turn on GitHub Discussions using the above categories

AI: Hugo to write pinned post explaining category purpose

AI: Anton to find someone to move useful FAQ items to GitHub Discussions & add
    more useful FAQ items

AI: Anton to find someone to update the issue template to point at GitHub Discussions

AI: Anton to find someone to make a blog post to announce GitHub Discussions,
    email to openssl-users@ when published

AI: Dmitry to provide a proposed scope for an "openssl evp" command, similar to evptest
