Meeting Date: 2023-07-11
Minutes taken by: Hugo Landau
Attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Nicola Tuveri
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Kurt Roeckx
    Matt Caswell
    Shane Lontis
    Tomas Mraz
    Matthias St. Pierre

External attendees:

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Utility to test EVP implementations
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Anton to check minutes from F2F and ensure action items are picked up
Not done

AI: Dmitry to check Red Hat F2F minutes and ensure action items are picked up
Done

AI: Anton to find someone to write a blog post about vulnerability classification (Mark?)
Not done

AI: Matt to turn on GitHub Discussions using the above categories
Done

AI: Hugo to write pinned post explaining category purpose
Done

AI: Anton to find someone to move useful FAQ items to GitHub Discussions & add
    more useful FAQ items
In progress

AI: Anton to find someone to update the issue template to point at GitHub Discussions
Done

AI: Anton to find someone to make a blog post to announce GitHub Discussions,
    email to openssl-users@ when published
Not done

AI: Dmitry to provide a proposed scope for an "openssl evp" command, similar to evptest
Done
    
** Utility to test EVP implementations

- We do not want to duplicate functionality.
- We can start with extending evptest functionality.
- In the future we can return to the question of how to distribute it.

[Matthias joined the call]

- evptest could be extended to support other providers.
- Running of ACVP files?
    - To be supported later

AI: Dmitry to create a GitHub issue on extending evptest

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#7921: Streaming shake implementation
    This PR has been abandoned
    
    We need an API proposal for streaming XOF usage.
    - Call the existing API multiple times?
    - Would a new API be cleaner?
    - Could final calls make internal copy?

    OTC: We've discussed this and @slontis will create some proposal how to move
         forward.

AI: Shane to write an API proposal for streaming XOFs

    Related: https://github.com/openssl/openssl/pull/13470

#21206: Extended SSL_SESSION functions using time_t datatype

    OTC: Should we expose OSSL_TIME publicly?
        OTC: We currently do not want to expose OSSL_TIME as a public type.
             We need to design a consistent approach to solving Y2K38 problem in
             OpenSSL APIs.

AI: Someone to create an issue to identify a solution to post-2038 time
    representation in public APIs

#21366: Performance improvement for CFB on 3.0 branch
    This is just an alignment change but delivers 50% improvement.

    OTC: We will hold a vote for this.

AI: Tomas to raise a vote to allow an exception to our policy and allow
    the performance improvement discussed in #21366 to go to 3.0

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review draft technical policies

None.

** AOB

Nicola:
    F2F Meeting Minutes: Should these be in the OTC repository?
    There is a draft blogpost which is highly detailed and effectively
    serves as the minutes.

Dmitry:
    Decoder performance issue
    Matt is working the issue.

Dmitry/Matthias:
    Where should we have a live chat for committers, etc.?

AI: Hugo to rename Signal group and invite other committers via email

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Anton to check minutes from F2F and ensure action items are picked up

AI: Anton to find someone to write a blog post about vulnerability classification (Mark?)

AI: Anton to find someone to move useful FAQ items to GitHub Discussions & add
    more useful FAQ items

AI: Anton to find someone to make a blog post to announce GitHub Discussions,
    email to openssl-users@ when published

AI: Dmitry to create a GitHub issue on extending evptest

AI: Shane to write an API proposal for streaming XOFs

AI: Someone to create an issue to identify a solution to post-2038 time
    representation in public APIs

AI: Tomas to raise a vote to allow an exception to our policy and allow
    the performance improvement discussed in #21366 to go to 3.0

AI: Hugo to rename Signal group and invite other committers via email
