Meeting Date: 2022-11-01
Minutes taken by: Hugo
Attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Richard Levitte
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Shane Lontis
    Paul Dale
    Tomas Mraz
    Matt Caswell
    Tim Hudson

External attendees:
    Martin Koci

Agenda:

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Release go/no-go
    * CHANGES.md (Shane)
    * Discussion of Buildbot CI issues
    * EC compression format compatibility discussion
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Pauli

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Richard to create instructions on how to add an OTC member.
Work in progress

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.
Not done

AI: Hugo to write improved design process proposal
Work in progress

AI: Nicola requests that people read the latest comments in the EC
    compression (#16624, #18320).
Not done

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

[Nicola joined the meeting]

** Release go/no-go

The OTC discussed whether to go ahead with the release scheduled
for today.

The OTC agreed to proceed with the release.

** CHANGES.md (Shane)

Deferred

** Discussion of Buildbot CI issues

Deferred

** EC compression format compatibility discussion

Deferred

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

Deferred

** Review draft technical policies

Deferred

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Should we publish CVE numbers immediately? (Hugo)
    * CHANGES.md (Shane)
    * Discussion of Buildbot CI issues
    * EC compression format compatibility discussion
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

None.

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Richard to create instructions on how to add an OTC member.

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.

AI: Hugo to write improved design process proposal

AI: Nicola requests that people read the latest comments in the EC
    compression (#16624, #18320).
