Meeting Date: 2022-06-21
Minutes taken by: Matt
Attendees:
    Matt Caswell
    Shane Lontis
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Tomas Mraz
    Richard Levitte
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Paul Dale

External attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Daniel Fiala

Agenda:

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * ACK Manager design
    * 18501 - FIPS 140-3 Indicators
    * 16741 Dynamic engine loading
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Matt volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Tomas, seconded: Matt

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Matthias, Tomas, Dmitry

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Last week minutes were approved.
Proposed: Tomas, seconded: Matt

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Matt to re-check the PR#16741 and present to OTC next time
Done

AI: Richard to create a separate PR for fixing OSSL_FUNC_BIO_ctrl with
alternative proposal that would be forward and backward compatible (at least
partially).
Done

AI: Matt to raise the vote on Deprecate long policy change once the PR is
rebased. Hugo to rebase it.
Not done - there are some outstanding comments.

AI: Hugo to respond to comments in the DGram API design PR (#18210)
Done

AI: Everyone to look at the API additions in PRs #18186 and #12255 to prepare
for the next meeting.
Not done - but closing action. Replaced by:
  AI: Tomas to review the threading API and get it ready for OTC review
  AI: Matt to review the certificate compression API and get it ready for OTC review

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.
Not done

** ACK Manager design

Hugo presented the ack manager design. Some discussion about the interaction with
the de-packetizer.

Ack manager design has been reviewed and is suitable to proceed to implementation.
Proposed: Matt, Seconded: Tomas

[Pauli left]

** 18501 - FIPS 140-3 Indicators

Dmitry presented the issue in 18501. There is a problem with the EVP_Sign* API
Which splits the hash and sign operations into two steps (hash then sign) - so
the whole operation is not performed inside the FIPS boundary.

It would be useful to have input from Tim on this dicussion. Discussion deferred
until Tim is present.

** 16741 Dynamic engine loading

Discussion about PR16741 which loads all built-in engines in 1.1.1 when calling
the ENGINE_by_id function. This is incorrect - it should be changed just to load
the dynamic engine.
AI: Matt to update PR16741 to only load the dynamic engine

There was also a discussion about the behaviour in master/3.0. These versions
also load all the built-in functions in ENGINE_by_id. We will leave this
behaviour as-is for now.

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

18519: Discussion deferred until Pauli is present

18586: Changing the default digest length for the SHAKE digests would potentially
seriously break some applications. We should just document this behaviour.

AI: Shane to investigate 18586 further and create a PR to document the behaviour.

** Review draft technical policies

Nothing further to discuss.

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Threading support PR API (#12255)
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

Matt is on holiday from 28th - will miss the next 3 OTC meetings.
Richard is also on holiday and will also miss the meeting on 28th
Dmitry, Hugo and Tomas will miss the OTC meeting on 5th July.

Meeting on 5th July is cancelled.

Hertzbleed. Shane presented an overview of the Hertzbleed attack.

Short RSA key issue was discussed. #18538
AI: Matt to raise a PR to fix short RSA key issues (18538)

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Matt to raise the vote on Deprecate long policy change once the PR is
rebased. Hugo to rebase it.

AI: Tomas to review the threading API and get it ready for OTC review

AI: Matt to review the certificate compression API and get it ready for OTC review

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.

AI: Matt to update PR16741 to only load the dynamic engine

AI: Shane to investigate 18586 further and create a PR to document the behaviour.

AI: Matt to raise a PR to fix short RSA key issues (18538)
