Meeting Date: 2022-03-15
Minutes taken by: Tomáš
Attendees:
    Dmitry Belyavsky
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Shane Lontis
    Matt Caswell
    Nicola Tuveri
    Richard Levitte
    Tim Hudson
    Tomas Mraz
    Paul Dale

Agenda:

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review the QUIC technical requirements document
    * Review the QUIC API proposal
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Allocation of tasks to staff
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Tomáš volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Matt, seconded: Pauli

Invite rest of contractors for today and future meetings.
Proposed: Tomáš, seconded: Pauli, Richard

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Pauli, seconded: Matthias

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Last week minutes were approved.
Proposed: Nicola, seconded: Pauli

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Pauli to write a blog post about SPECTRE
Done

AI: Hugo to look at #17064, #17116 performance issues
Done, PRs proposed

AI: Hugo to repeat the tests in 15199 and get new performance figures.
In progress

AI: All OTC to read #17184 (QUIC API design) by next week.
Done

AI: Tomas to update technical-policies PR#7 (Branch policy) following feedback
Done

** Review the QUIC technical requirements document

Matt converted the requirements from OMC and various discussions into a formal
document. There is a section on MVP requirements for 3.1.

Tim mentioned there are also two more objectives (6 month releases, and internal
CI for primary platforms).

There was a discussion about what will be the implementation we will test the
MVP against if the HTTP/3 is not an objective for the release.

AI: Matt to add these two additional objectives to the document. Also explicitly
mention that in MVP for the next release the pluggable record layer interface
will be internal.

There was a discussion whether performance of the QUIC implementation and
single copy interfaces should be requirements or just aspirational goals.

AI: Matt to adjust the document to mention the internal plumbing should allow
for the fact that we may want to be able to support single copy APIs in future.
In addition to the existing interface. And put the existing "single copy"
bullets under it. The performance comparability should be aimed at a future
release.

AI: Matt to add 'Support' to the last bullet of MVP requirements.

AI: Matt to update the document and start a vote after two days unless there
is a major discussion ongoing on the PR.

** Review the QUIC API proposal

Postponed to the next week due to time.

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

EVP_MD performance fix #17857 to be backported to 3.0. Pauli proposed a vote.

** Review draft technical policies

Postponed to the next week due to time.

** Allocation of tasks to staff

As before

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review the QUIC API proposal
    * Discuss release requirements policy (technical-policies #27)
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Allocation of tasks to staff
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

None

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Hugo to repeat the tests in 15199 and get new performance figures.

AI: Matt to do adjustments on the QUIC technical requirements document:

 - to add 6 month releases, and internal CI for primary platforms as objectives
   to the document. Also explicitly mention that in MVP for the next release the
   pluggable record layer interface will be internal.
 - to mention the internal plumbing should allow for the fact that we may want
   to be able to support single copy APIs in future. In addition to the existing
   interface. And put the existing "single copy" bullets under it.
   The performance comparability should be aimed at a future release.
 - to add 'Support' to the last bullet of MVP requirements.

AI: Matt to update the document and start a vote after two days unless there
is a major discussion ongoing on the PR.

