Meeting Date: 2022-09-20
Minutes taken by: Tomas
Attendees:
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Tomas Mraz
    Richard Levitte
    Shane Lontis
    Nicola Tuveri
    Matt Caswell

External attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Daniel Fiala
    Martin Koci

Agenda:

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Summarize the key points from Martin's ICMC presentation
    * Key points from the PQC discussion meeting
    * QUIC Record Layer
    * Github Discussions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Tomas volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Tomas, seconded: Shane

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Tomas, seconded: Matt

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Nicola, Tomas

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.
Not done

AI: Tomas to create a draft blog post about changing defaults for enabled DH
params.
Not done

AI: Martin to propose some metrics on outstanding GH PRs and issues.
Not done

AI: Richard to propose alternatives for what to do with the duplicate
ERR_raise() calls right after failed OPENSSL_*alloc() and also the ERR_raises
after the other _new() call failures.
Not done

AI: Matt to send details of the post-quantum meeting to the OTC list
Done

** Summarize the key points from Martin's ICMC presentation

OpenSSL vision statement is being formed.
OpenSSL FIPS provider 3.0 can be rebranded by our premium customers for no
additional cost.
OpenSSL 3.1 release with FIPS 140-3 support announced and should happen in
February 2023.
The QUIC MVP will be in OpenSSL 3.2 and should be in July 2023.
KeyPair consulting has prepared patches for the FIPS 140-3 support and they
offered them to us.
The 3.1 branch will be branched off the 3.0 branch.

** Key points from the PQC discussion meeting

Nicola and Dmitry attended an online PQC discussion meeting where various
parties implementing secure communication and also from some universities
discussed their plans and priorites for PQC algorithms.

Nicola presented there that we are basically waiting on the actual standards to
materialize.

Cloudflare presented their hybrid KEM in TLS experiment.

There was a discussion on hybrid KEM and the preferred ways how to design it.

IETF PQC mailing list will be used for further discussions.
https://mailarchive.ietf.org/arch/browse/pqc/

** QUIC Record Layer

Hugo gave an introduction of the QUIC Record Layer design and implementation.
PR #18949 (already merged)

No objections from OTC were raised, only praise.

** Github Discussions

Do we want to use Github Discussions as a replacement for openssl-users ML and
issues which are `triaged: question`?

There was discussion about benefit of having openssl-users ML community and
whether we would lose it or not if we also had Github Discussions.

There was no definite conclusion, we might want to revisit this topic later.

It would be useful to have openssl-machine script closing the issues with
`triaged: question` and `resolved: answered` labels after some time.

AI: Tomas to create issue in youtrack to update openssl-machine autoclosing
script.

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#18650 - Add support for zerocopy KTLS on Linux
OTC would be OK with the PR if it was opt-in runtime configuration.

** Review draft technical policies

No technical policies to discuss.

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Matthias' key impressions from the ICMC conference
    * Plan for re-triage process for stalled issues and PRs
    * TX Packetiser (18570)
    * Connection ID cache
    * Configuration options to limit the digest algos in signatures (#19084)
    * Should we have an OTC face to face meeting
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

Nicola asked informally about what OTC thinks about having functions in public
headers that are available only when a special macro is defined. We've run
out of time on the discussion.

Shane has asked about a 3.0.6 release. This should be raised to OMC.

AI: Matt to raise the question about 3.0.6 release timeframe to OMC.

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.

AI: Tomas to create a draft blog post about changing defaults for enabled DH
params.

AI: Martin to propose some metrics on outstanding GH PRs and issues.

AI: Richard to propose alternatives for what to do with the duplicate
ERR_raise() calls right after failed OPENSSL_*alloc() and also the ERR_raises
after the other _new() call failures.

AI: Tomas to create issue in youtrack to update openssl-machine autoclosing
script.

AI: All to read the update in #19084 from Red Hat to prepare for the discussion
in next OTC.
