Meeting Date: 2022-02-08
Minutes taken by: Paul
Attendees:
    Dmitry Belyavsky
    Tomáš Mráz
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Paul Dale
    Richard Levitte
    Shane Lontis
    Matt Caswell

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Invite Daniel Fiala to introduce himself to the OTC
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Discussion of PR#10195
    * Allocation of tasks to staff
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Paul has been volunteered to take the minutes
Proposed: Tomáš, seconded: Matthias

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Pauli, seconded: Tomáš

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Last week minutes were approved.
Proposed: Tomáš, seconded: Pauli

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Matthias to submit a PR to change https://www.openssl.org/policies/otc-policies.html
    (Issue #3 in otc repository on GHE)
no action

AI: Staff to think about and eventually add testing of 3.0 FIPS provider against
master libcrypto and master FIPS provider against the 3.0 libcrypto.
    (Issue #2 in otc repository)
started

AI: Matt to close the vote and merge the test policy.
done

AI: Matt to close the vote and merge the vote policy update.
done

AI: Documentation Policy - Everyone to provide any final comments
AI: Documentation Policy - Pauli to start the vote on 3rd Feb
vote started, not closed yet.  Changes have been asked for but will require a
separate PR.

AI: Pauli to start the vote on code style policy update on 9th Feb
several updates over the week, will delay vote a few days

AI: Matt to separate out the requirements in the Technical Requirements document
    into the releases they are relevant for.
didn't happen

AI: Tomáš to send out a new meeting link
done

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

10195 Add X509_V_FLAG_NO_CHECK_SUBJECT and change default to be safe
separate item on agenda

17112 Prevent crash with engine using different openssl runtime
OTC: this can go into 3.0

17568 SSL_CTX_set_cert_verify_callback(3) semantic change
the change was bad, we should undo it in 3.0.  A vote is required.
we need an alternative way to signal the retry
Vote to revert change in PR #13906 for 3.0 & master and provide an alternative
mechanism for the desired behaviour: passed

17517 Is OpenSSL_version_num() deprecated? 
deprecated in documentation, not in code.
undeprecate it in the documentation.
Vote to undeprecate this in 3.0: passed

17543 evp cipher: cache key and IV lengths in the context
leaning towards backporting this to 3.0 but wait for feedback from the problem
reporter.

** Invite Daniel Fiala to introduce himself to the OTC
Introduction happened.

** Review draft technical policies

#21 code style: public functions should check their arguments
OTC discussed this and this can go to vote.
AI: Pauli raise vote on technical policy #21

#24 clarify the definition of stable release, and add definition of patch release
The existing definition is dubious, the replacement is better but seems to miss
something.  Discussion.  Some slight changes to be done in the PR.

** Discussion of PR#10195 (timeboxed to 20 minutes)
Discussed: 4.0.  qv #15216 where we discussed essentially the same thing.

** Allocation of tasks to staff
As before

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Allocation of tasks to staff
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

Matt proposed a new committer.  Vote started.

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Matthias to submit a PR to change https://www.openssl.org/policies/otc-policies.html
    (Issue #3 in otc repository on GHE)

AI: Staff to think about and eventually add testing of 3.0 FIPS provider against
master libcrypto and master FIPS provider against the 3.0 libcrypto.
    (Issue #2 in otc repository)

AI: Pauli to start the vote on code style policy update after 9th Feb

AI: Matt to separate out the requirements in the Technical Requirements document
    into the releases they are relevant for.

AI: Pauli raise vote on technical policy #21
