Meeting Date: 2021-11-30
Minutes taken by: Tomas
Attendees:
    Matt Caswell
    Paul Dale
    Dmitry Belyavsky
    Tim Hudson
    Richard Levitte
    Matthias St Pierre
    Tomáš Mráz
    Shane Lontis


Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Discuss the OMC response to release requirements (5 minutes)
    * Review issues with OTC hold (20 minutes)
    * QUIC API and event loop design choices
    * How to handle substantial feature contributions from the community that
      have been stalled/pending for ages
    * Coverage discussion
    * Can we do anything with file load performance regression
    * Allocation of tasks to staff
    * Discuss review process
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB


** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Tomas has been volunteered to take the minutes

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tim


** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Last week minutes were approved.
Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tomas


** Review outstanding actions

    AI: Matt to send email to OTC mailing list regarding the QUIC
        design document.
    [done]

    AI: Matt to start the vote to agree the design policy once 2 weeks has
        elapsed since the PR was opened
    [done]

    AI: Tomáš draft policy over function signature changes
            void -> int returns
            constification
    [done]

    AI: Tomáš to start the vote for accepting the stable release policy
        https://github.com/openssl/technical-policies/pull/8
    [done]


** Discuss the OMC response to release requirements (5 minutes)

Tim asked if OTC agrees that the OTC question to OMC was answered by the blog
post.
https://www.openssl.org/blog/blog/2021/11/25/openssl-update/

OTC requests that the OMC provides the OTC with advance notice of future
release requirements and policy updates to allow the OTC to comment (or at
least be aware of updates) before they are public.

Proposed: Tim, Seconded: Matt, Matthias

AI: Matthias to e-mail the request to OMC.


** OTC holds [timeboxed 20 minutes]

- TEST: Enable and fix test_bn2padded() in test/bntest.c

As the test was present just not enabled, we allow this to be backported to
stable branches.

- Increment the OSSL_DYNAMIC_VERSION

We should not merge this to 3.0 as that breaks engines compiled against 3.0.0.
It has to go in 4.0 at the earliest.


** QUIC API and event loop design choices

The QUIC design team prepared design choices on QUIC API and on the event loop.

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mrI5J6XlIpvHoZTtVi4SIZIwjAxO9xL25i8GsGIT5EA/edit

Matt suggests to create PRs for both of these subproblem areas with design
choices.

Tim suggested we need a blog post announcing the PRs for the community to know
about we are using the new design process.

AI: Staff to create the PRs for the design choices on QUIC API and on the event
loop.

AI: Staff to create a blog post to announce these PRs to get community input on
them.

Matthias asked for more details about pros and cons of the design choices
presented in the document.


** How to handle substantial feature contributions from the community that
   have been stalled/pending for ages

Should OTC and/or OMC explicitly approve large features before they are
accepted? Or can it just follow the normal review process without needing any
extra approval.

How do we find out if any feature is important to broad community, not just the
contributor who contributed the PR.

We do not have any way to objectively measure the interest of the broad
community.

OTC could pre-select PRs that are sufficiently complex to need OMC decision
on whether the paid resources should spend time on reviewing them and accept
them into a release.

How do we identify those PRs?

We need to have a new label to mark these PRs - 'hold: substantial feature'

AI: Tomas to create the label and put it on PRs previously identified by Nicola.

AI: Everyone to put the label on any other substantial feature PRs.


** Allocation of tasks to staff

Staff to continue the QUIC design work.
Proposed: Matt, seconded: Richard


** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

OTC requests that the OMC provides the OTC with advance notice of future
release requirements and policy updates to allow the OTC to comment (or at
least be aware of updates) before they are public.
AI: Matthias to e-mail the request to OMC.

AI: Staff to create the PRs for the design choices on QUIC API and on the event
loop.

AI: Staff to create a blog post to announce these PRs to get community input on
them.

AI: Tomas to create the label and put it on PRs previously identified by Nicola.

AI: Everyone to put the label on any other substantial feature PRs.


** Agenda for next week:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review issues with OTC hold (20 minutes)
    * QUIC API and event loop design choices
    * Coverage discussion
    * Review the hold: substantial feature PRs
    * Can we do anything with file load performance regression
    * Discuss review process
    * Allocation of tasks to staff
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

