Meeting Date: 2021-11-09
Minutes taken by: Matt
Attendees:
    Matt Caswell
    Matthias St Pierre
    Nicola Tuveri
    Paul Dale
    Tomáš Mráz
    Richard Levitte
    Dmitry Belyavsky
    Tim Hudson [25 minutes late]

Agenda:
* Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
* Agree minutes from previous meeting
* Discuss design process if not ready for voting
* Discuss voting process
* Do we want to restart the GH items review in this or that form?
* OTC hold reviewing
* Discuss shorter release times and how to achieve them (time based vs feature
based)
* Discuss review process
* Can we do anything with file load performance regression
* Allocation of tasks to staff
* Agree agenda for next meeting
* AOB

Matt was agreed to be the minutes taker.

Agenda was confirmed.  Proposed: Matt Seconded: Nicola

Last week minutes were approved.  Proposed: Nicola Seconded: Matthias

Matt outlined the changes that have been made to the design process since
last week. Matthias asked a general question about what the purpose of all our
policies. The process has not yet been open for 2 weeks.

AI: Matt to start the vote to agree the design policy once 2 weeks has elapsed
since the PR was opened

Tim suggested that writing a blog post about the policy change process

AI: Tomas to write a blog post

Tomas presented the public voting procedure of OTC proposal.

Matthias asked a question about the location of where meeting minutes for this
meeting are held. They are held in the otc repository.

Tomas proposed this vote text: Accept openssl/technical-policies PR#2 - The
Public Voting Procedure of OTC as of commit  5740178. This will become an
official OTC policy.

The proposed vote was held, closed and passed.

A discussion was held about what issues/PRs should be reviewed in OTC meetings.

We will review OTC holds that are of the type "is this a bug fix" or "is this a
candidate for backport to a stable release"? Time boxed to 20 minute. Proposed
by Tomas. Tim seconds.

The OTC holds were reviewed.

Discussion held about the preference between time based releases vs feature
based released. The OMC requirements state the MVP as a firm requirement for
3.1. The 6 month release cadence is stated as an objective, not a firm
requirement.

Matt proposed that the staff members work on a plan for the steps we need to
take to get an estimate of the MVP.

Proposal is "Staff members to produce a draft plan for estimating the MVP for
discussion at the next OTC meeting. OTC requests that the OMC allocate
sufficient resources to meet this objective." Proposed by Tim. Seconded by Matt,
Nicola.

Agenda for the next meeting:

* Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
* Agree minutes from previous meeting
* Review the staff plan for estimating MVP
* OTC hold reviews (20 minutes)
* Coverage discussion (Shane)
* Discuss review process
* Can we do anything with file load performance regression
* Allocation of tasks to staff
* Agree agenda for next meeting
* AOB
