Meeting Date: 2022-11-08
Minutes taken by: Hugo
Attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Matt Caswell
    Tim Hudson
    Tomas Mraz
    Paul Dale
    Shane Lontis

External attendees:
    Martin Koci
    Daniel Fiala

Agenda:

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Security release retrospective
    * Should we publish CVE numbers immediately? (Hugo)
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Pauli

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Richard to create instructions on how to add an OTC member.
Not done

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.
Not done

AI: Hugo to write improved design process proposal
Done

AI: Nicola requests that people read the latest comments in the EC
    compression (#16624, #18320).
Defer

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

[Shane joined the meeting]

** Security release retrospective

- At the retrospective meeting the following conclusions were reached:

  - We should create a guide for pre-announcement changes.

  - We should have a private policy for handling changes in releases.

  - We should adjust the process (messaging and communication) for future
    CRITICAL (HIGH+) issues including blog posts and posts on LinkedIn and
    Twitter.

  - We should consider to have a contractor (some “outreach role”) with Twitter
    awareness or generally with a social media awareness.  Somebody like
    evangelist role. Mark did 60 tweets in that regard.

- It is desirable to have an owner for any given security issue.
- However, one person cannot be available 24/7.
- OTC is needed to make CVE downgrade decisions.

- Should prenotification be done earlier, with a longer timeframe?
  - When should the private announcement be made?
  - When should the public announcement be made?
  - Should the private announcement be tiered, with a smaller
    prenotification group for parties likely to contribute to the
    security process?

AI: Martin to create a security release guide.

- It would be valuable to maintain standing relationships with
  people who can help with technical analysis of security issues.
  Currently, these relationships are only developed as part of
  the handling of a specific security issue.

** Should we publish CVE numbers immediately? (Hugo)

- Hugo proposes that we should publish CVE numbers
  and other identifiers as soon as we make an announcement
  of an upcoming security release, before embargo ends.

- This would aid clarity of communication, especially
  if we have multiple CVEs in a release, especially
  if the affected versions are different.

- Hugo proposes we include a table in any announcement of
  an upcoming security release with three columns:
    CVE ID/other identifiers; severity; affected releases.

- There was confusion about the affected releases for the
  security issue. This would aid communication.

- Releasing CVE IDs early aids other parties in managing
  the entire lifecycle of the vulnerability.

- Historically we did not publish CVE IDs because we didn't
  want to reveal the number of CVEs in an upcoming release.
  Do we still need to do this?

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#17207 (KTLS: enable the CCM mode of KTLS):
  OTC: This fix can go into master as long as there is a
  CHANGES entry describing compatibility breaks with older
  kernels when CCM is enabled.

#19377 (QUIC: convert implementations to use the list data type)
  OTC: Yes, we want accessor functions

#19602 (CI: don't test the master FIPS provider against a 3.0 build)
  AI: Pauli to ask test lab if we can include the 140-3 deprecated
      algorithms in 3.1
  AI: Pauli to revert changes which broke tests in 3.1
  We will discuss this again in the next meeting.

** Review draft technical policies

AI: Hugo to add some text to the design document proposal
    describing what we are looking for in design documents

    - Describe the requirements - premises of the design
    - Capture architectural design decisions and rationales
    - How different API calls work together
    - Describe the 'inputs' to the design process
    - Structured documents like RFCs?
        - Assumptions, premises and input requirements
        - Design Overview and Discussion
        - New/evolved APIs (can be none)

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Discussion of Buildbot CI issues
    * How can we improve our fuzz testing? (Matthias)
    * EC compression format compatibility discussion
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

Matthias raised the issue that many people have commented on the lack of fuzz
testing on the punycode code in which the recent vulnerability was found.

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Richard to create instructions on how to add an OTC member.

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.

AI: Nicola requests that people read the latest comments in the EC
    compression (#16624, #18320).

AI: Martin to create a security release guide.

AI: Pauli to ask test lab if we can include the 140-3 deprecated
  algorithms in 3.1

AI: Pauli to revert changes which broke tests in 3.1
