Meeting Date: 2022-10-18
Minutes taken by: Hugo
Attendees:
    Richard Levitte
    Hugo Landau
    Nicola Tuveri
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Shane Lontis
    Matthias St Pierre
    Paul Dale
    Matt Caswell
    Tomas Mraz

External attendees:
    Daniel Fiala
    Martin Koci

Agenda:

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Talk about several process issues (Shane)
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Nominations for committer
    * EC compression format compatibility discussion
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Pauli

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Richard to create instructions on how to add an OTC member.
Not done

AI: Martin to propose a plan for location and timing of the OTC F2F meeting.
Done, to be mailed to OTC list

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.
Not done

AI: Martin to propose some metrics on outstanding GH PRs and issues.
Done, proposal created as YouTrack issue; Martin to send details to OTC list

AI: Martin to identify a resource to write a proposal for an improved design
process
Done, Hugo to write improved process proposal in next sprint

AI: Matt to create issue for the OTC vote on PR#17984
Done

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Talk about several process issues (Shane)

- Retraction of 3.0.6: postmortem
    Matt proposed this be raised at OMC

- Blog: do we need to be more transparent about why
  a release was retracted?

- What do we do if we need to retract a release with
  a high severity CVE fix in it?


- Tests: still many PRs without associated tests?
  
  => Should we require tests be added before a release
     is made?
  => We need to be ready to make a release at any time
     (e.g. if a CVE happens)

  => OTC discussed the possibility that if a PR is to be merged
     without a test an issue should first be created with a label
     before merging
  => Is existing policy being enforced strictly?

  => Should we have triage labels for whether tests are included?
        "tests: present"
        "tests: needed"
        "tests: exempted"

        ... "tests: deferred"?

  => There are many PRs where it doesn't make sense to have a test.

  Propose AI: Someone to write a change to the test policy to add
    the above four labels
        Hugo to take this action item in the next sprint

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

=> stack: Do not add error if pop/shift/value accesses outside of the stack
(#19400)

   Should our policies for API changes make an accommodation for
   withdrawn releases?

  A vote was proposed by Tomas:
    Accept PR #19400 in master and 3.0 subject to normal review process

  Tomas created the issue for the above OTC vote.
  The vote passed immediately and has been closed.

=> p12_kiss.c: clean sloppy use of sk_X509_shift() (#19414)

  OTC decided that this is not a bugfix and should not go into 3.0.
  The PR can now go through normal review process.

** Review draft technical policies

Nothing to review

** Nominations for committer

The OTC discussed possible committer nominations.

** EC compression format compatibility discussion

References: PR #16624, PR #18320

Nicola asked if the OTC still wants the level of testing previously
requested for PR #16624.

AI: Nicola requests that people read the latest comments in the EC
    compression PRs referenced above.

Further discussion deferred until next meeting.

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * EC compression format compatibility discussion
    * Should there be a separate reviewer role?
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

The OTC was updated about the progress on the establishment
of a performance testing infrastructure.

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Richard to create instructions on how to add an OTC member.

AI: Martin to email information about the OTC F2F meeting plan to the OTC list

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.

AI: Martin to email information on his proposals for measuring outstanding GH
PRs and issues to the OTC list

AI: Hugo to write improved process proposal in next sprint

AI: Hugo to write a proposed change to the test policy
    to add four tracking labels classifying if a PR needs or has tests

AI: Nicola requests that people read the latest comments in the EC
    compression (#16624, #18320).
