Meeting Date: 2022-08-16
Minutes taken by: Matt
Attendees:
    Shane Lontis
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Tomas Mraz
    Richard Levitte
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Nicola Tuveri
    Matt Caswell
    Paul Dale

External attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Martin Koci

Agenda:

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Thread pool design proposal review (#18864)
    * Certificate compression PR review (#18186)
    * HPKE overview
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Matt volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tomas, Matthias

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Paul

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tomas
Minutes from 19th July 2022 were agreed. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tomas

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Everyone to review the thread pool design document #18864
Done

AI: Matt to review the certificate compression API and get it ready for OTC review
Done

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.
Not done

AI: Matthias to create a PR to link the code of conduct
Done. PR#19002

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Thread pool design proposal review (#18864)

Hugo presented the thread pool design document.

Initially we should only implement the simplest "default" model in MVP. The
existing thread PR (#12255) should be modified to only expose these API calls in
the public API.

OpenSSL should not be doing signal handling if possible.

AI: Tomas to communicate back the OTC view on threading to the author of PR#12255

** Certificate compression PR review (#18186)

Receiving of compressed certificates should be "on" by default
Transmission of compressed certificates should be "off" by default, unless you
have already cached some certificates using SSL_CTX_compress_cert() or you have
set the callback.
We should only negotiate compression algorithms for transmission for which we
have a cached certificate (unless you are using the callback).

There was some discussion about having a fetchable compression API in the future.

** HPKE overview

Shane provided an overview of HPKE

AI: All to review the competing HPKE PRs ready for discussion next week

AI: Matt to invite Stephen Farrell (author of PR#17172) to join the meeting next
week (can join from the start).

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

Deferred

** Review draft technical policies

Deferred

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * HPKE
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

Matthias asked about OTC activity status. We're only halfway through the
quarter so there is plenty of time to get a commit in.

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code

AI: Tomas to communicate back the OTC view on threading to the author of PR#12255

AI: All to review the competing HPKE PRs ready for discussion next week

AI: Matt to invite Stephen Farrell (author of PR#17172) to join the meeting next
week (can join from the start).
