Meeting Date: 2022-05-10
Minutes taken by: Matt
Attendees:
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Matt Caswell
    Shane Lontis
    Paul Dale
    Tim Hudson
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Tomas Mraz

External attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Martin Koci
    Daniel Fiala

Agenda:

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Release requirements policy
    * strcasecmp issue
    * Timer API
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Matt volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tim

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Tim, seconded: Matthias

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Last week minutes were approved.
Proposed: Tomas, seconded: Pauli

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Dmitry to write requirements for the error suppression agenda item.
Done

AI: Update the QUIC API proposal with approach to solving the 5 problems
(1) timer based events (2) TCP vs UDP socket creation (3) blocking
(4) no visible event capability for existing apps (5) configure protocol
via a string.
Done

AI: Separate out in the API proposal the subset we will implement for MVP.
Done

AI: Dmitry to properly record the vote in openssl/technical-policies#44
Done

AI: Matt and Hugo to synthesize the API proposal and the diffs into a single PR
Done

AI: Shane to look at the PKEY check documentation in providers' docs.
Done

** Release requirements policy

There are five types of release: Major, Minor, Patch, Alpha, Beta

Some of these may be treated in the same way and covered together in the
section.

The requirements for a patch release are likely to be different than major/Minor
releases.

AI: Tomas to update the release requirements policy based on the dicussion

AI: Tomas to take the the requirements policy to a vote

There is no need to discuss this again in a future OTC meeting.

** strcasecmp issue

There are two issues: a build issue on some platforms (fixed by #18241), and a
failure to init the locale in some situations

We could do a RUN_ONCE inside strcasecmp to solve the second issue, or we could
"cheat" and assume pointer writes are atomic, and just check whether the locale
pointer is non-null.

Hold on #18241 can be lifted. We should use the RUN_ONCE approach.

** Timer API

Pauli presented the proposed internal Timer API.

Function names should include the class. The main class should come first in
the parameter list. The constructor should probably take a libctx.
Some discussion about whether to use struct timeval - it doesn't matter too
much at this stage (this is an internal API). Discussion about
millisec/microsec/nanosec resolution. Question about thread safety.

We will need to see this again.

[Hugo left the meeting]

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#17937: Option C is the preferred solution

#17969: Nothing to discuss in this meeting

#17987: To be dicussed next week

#18130: Won't be merged. Should be closed - ask Bernd to move this to his
personal branch so that we can close it.

** Review draft technical policies

#46: This is a new version of a previous PR and is marked as reviewed

#47: Remove the line about spelling. Marked as reviewed

#48: Marked as reviewed.

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Branch policy
    * Error suppressing in OpenSSL
    * Timer API
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

None

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Tomas to update the release requirements policy based on the dicussion

AI: Tomas to take the the requirements policy to a vote
