Meeting Date: 2023-01-31
Minutes taken by: Hugo Landau
Attendees:
    Kurt Roeckx
    Richard Levitte
    Hugo Landau
    Shane Lontis
    Paul Dale
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Matt Caswell
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Nicola Tuveri
    Tomas Mraz

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * QUIC API and Blocking I/O Discussion
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matthias

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Richard to create instructions on how to add an OTC member.
Not done

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new code.
Not done

AI: Hugo to update the EC compression compatibility testing PR
    to test fewer curves. Use original commit message for Nicola's
    patch
Not done

AI: Hugo to propose possible solutions to make BIO_dgram more safe
Not done

** Review outstanding security issues

[Tim joined the call.]

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
   
#19669 (Update ASN.1 Corpora)
    - Should we put them in a submodule? Yes
        - For all branches
    OTC: The corpora files should go into a separate repository which we
    would make a submodule. This can be done on all the branches.

Should we create releases in GitHub?
    OMC has asked the OTC for its opinion
    OTC: We think we should extend the existing release process
    to create the GitHub releases where the tarballs and other
    artifacts of the existing release process would be
    uploaded.

#20164 (OSSL_STORE_LOADER_set_open_ex)
    Should we remove this in 4.0?
    OTC: This might be removed along with the other deprecated
    OSSL_STORE_LOADER functions in a future major release. It
    cannot be removed from current or future minor releases
    due to ABI stability.

** QUIC API and Blocking I/O Discussion

AI: Hugo to revise CSM to allow application to artifically
    inject incoming QUIC datagrams using a new public API
    on a QUIC connection SSL object

AI: Tomas to investigate Cloudflare interop for QUIC 

AI: Hugo to investigate getting the DDD demos working with
    our current code

Q. Is it OK for network-side BIOs to have to be non-blocking?
   Defer - we want to see real world applications try to use this
   first.

** Review draft technical policies

Defer

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

Nicola notes that Stephen Farrell has posted to the ECH list
with his proposed API changes.

AI: OTC to read Stephen's proposed API changes for ECH

Tim: Should we cancel the Feb 14 OTC meeting?
OTC: Yes

AI: Hugo to email Stephen Farrell asking him to make a draft
PR with proposed ECH API changes only (so we can start the
discussion) - just a design document

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Richard to create instructions on how to add an OTC member.

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new code.

AI: Hugo to update the EC compression compatibility testing PR
    to test fewer curves. Use original commit message for Nicola's
    patch

AI: Hugo to propose possible solutions to make BIO_dgram more safe

AI: Hugo to revise CSM to allow application to artifically
    inject incoming QUIC datagrams using a new public API
    on a QUIC connection SSL object

AI: Tomas to investigate Cloudflare interop for QUIC 

AI: Hugo to investigate getting the DDD demos working with
    our current code

AI: OTC to read Stephen's proposed API changes for ECH

AI: Hugo to email Stephen Farrell asking him to make a draft
PR with proposed ECH API changes only (so we can start the
discussion) - just a design document
