Meeting Date: 2021-12-14
Minutes taken by: Richard
Attendees:
    Matt Caswell
    Paul Dale
    Dmitry Belyavsky
    Tim Hudson
    Richard Levitte
    Nicola Tuveri
    Tomáš Mráz
    Shane Lontis
    Kurt Roeckx
    Matthias St Pierre


Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Review the hold: substantial feature PRs (20 minutes)
    * QUIC API and event loop design choices
    * Allocation of tasks to staff
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Richard has been volunteered to take the minutes
Proposed: Tim, seconded: Matt & Co

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Tomáš, seconded: Matt

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Last week minutes were approved.
Proposed: Matt, seconded: Richard

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Everyone to put the label on any other substantial feature PRs.
[assumed done]

AI: Matt to write a draft test policy
[done]

AI: Matt to include in the draft test policy some identification of components
that we should automatically measure performance of
[done] (Matt comments that file loading performance isn’t included)

AI: Design team to start collecting technical requirements document - including
quic performance
[in progress] (needs converting to markdown and placed in the appropriate repository)

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

PR #16770:
AI: Tomáš to raise a vote for backporting (cherry-picking) PR #16770 into 3.0

PR #16923: milestone set to 4.0, hold removed.

PR #17022: not a bug fix, so master only.

PR #17050: not a bug fix, already merged to master.

PR #17088: hold removed, milestone already set to 4.0.

PR #17163: decision post-poned, we’d like to see an alternative proposal.

PR #17207: remove hold, it should just go in when CI tests pass.

** Review draft technical policies

PR #9: Voting concluding today

PR #7: Everyone should have another look.

PR #10: Voting started

PR #13: Everyone should have another look.

Issue #4: PR welcome!

Issue #5:
AI: staff writes a documentation policy

Issue #6:
AI: Paul to submit a PR that moves the coding style to technical-policies
AI: Matthias to submit a PR to change of https://www.openssl.org/policies/otc-policies.html
AI: OTC (via Matthias) to ask OMC, what existing website policies or parts thereof are owned by OMC and what parts are owned by OTC

Issue #11: Skipped in this meeting

** Review the hold: substantial feature PRs (20 minutes)

PR #8962: Hold removed, resume normal review process

PR #9155: Added OMC hold

PR #9223: Hold removed, resume normal review process

PR #12255: Added OMC hold

PR #12256: Added OMC hold

PR #13817: Dropped substantial hold, Added OTC hold

PR #15857: Added OMC hold

PR #15916: Hold removed.
AI: Richard to eyeball it

PR #16620: Added OMC hold

PR #16637: Dropped hold
AI: Tomáš to do a formal final review

PR #16854: Dropped hold
AI: Tomáš to do a formal final review

PR #16928: Added OMC hold

PR #17172: No change, ongoing development

** QUIC API and event loop design choices

Skipped because time

** Allocation of tasks to staff

Skipped because time

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Review the hold: substantial feature PRs (20 minutes)
    * QUIC API and event loop design choices
    * Allocation of tasks to staff
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

No OTC meeting on 21st + 28th December, and 4th January

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Design team to start collecting technical requirements document - including
quic performance
[in progress] (needs converting to markdown and placed in the appropriate repository)

AI: Tomáš to raise a vote for backporting (cherry-picking) PR #16770 into 3.0

Technical-policies issue #5:
AI: staff writes a documentation policy

Technical-policies issue #6:
AI: Paul to submit a PR that moves the coding style to technical-policies
AI: Matthias to submit a PR to change of https://www.openssl.org/policies/otc-policies.html
AI: OTC (via Matthias) to ask OMC, what existing website policies or parts thereof are owned by OMC and what parts are owned by OTC

PR #15916: Hold removed.
AI: Richard to eyeball it

PR #16637: Dropped hold
AI: Tomáš to do a formal final review

PR #16854: Dropped hold
AI: Tomáš to do a formal final review

