Meeting Date: 2022-07-12
Minutes taken by: Tomas
Attendees:
    Shane Lontis
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Tomas Mraz
    Richard Levitte
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Paul Dale
    Tim Hudson
    Nicola Tuveri

External attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Daniel Fiala
    Tamara Dale
    Martin Koci

Agenda:

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Introducing Tamara Dale
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Tomas volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Tomas, seconded: Tim

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Tomas, seconded: Tim

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Last meeting minutes (3 weeks ago) were approved.
Proposed: Tomas, seconded: Matthias

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Matt to raise the vote on Deprecate long policy change once the PR is
rebased. Hugo to rebase it.
Not done

AI: Tomas to review the threading API and get it ready for OTC review
Not done

AI: Matt to review the certificate compression API and get it ready for OTC review
Not done

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.
Not done

AI: Matt to update PR16741 to only load the dynamic engine
Done

AI: Shane to investigate 18586 further and create a PR to document the behaviour.
Done

AI: Matt to raise a PR to fix short RSA key issues (18538)
Done

** Introducing Tamara Dale

Tamara (Tam) Dale was hired as Business Operations Administrator to help with
administrating of the customer relations.

[Tamara has left the meeting.]

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#18750 Web Assembly support
 - not an issue for OTC to decide. If third party submits PR with support for
   Web Assembly it will be looked at.

#18663 -Werror=free-nonheap-object warnings with GCC LTO
 - This particular warning is a misdetecting an issue by the compiler so there
   is nothing to do here.
 - There are strict aliasing problems revealed by LTO. We do not support
   LTO with the current codebase.

#18519 Which clock should we use for timeouts etc?
 - gettimeofday() is sufficient for now. Later we can reconsider this.

#18480 Use as small dh key size as possible to support the security
 - Not for 3.0 branch. OK for master branch.
 - Perhaps we could have a blog post about mitigating DHEater

** Review draft technical policies

No new drafts to review.

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Threading support PR API (#12255)
    * FIPS service indicators (#18501)
    * PQC NIST announcements and our position
    * Do we want a performance fix release?
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

ICMC Conference happening mid September in USA Washington, DC - OpenSSL would
like to offer OTC members to join Martin visiting the conference.

CMS signature verification issue (#18729) - we are incompatible with Heimdal CMS
support - this is a feature request as RFC 5652 even says: Implementations MAY 
fail to validate signatures that use a digest algorithm that is not included in
the SignedData digestAlgorithms set.

Shane brought up an issue about some of the performance fixes in master branch
not backported to 3.0. Maybe the solution would be making a 3.1 performance
fix release branched from the 3.0 branch with all the performance fixes
backported.

RIPEMD160 problematic (#17722) - Duplicating it in default provider would not
break the stability guarantee for minor releases. On the other hand it is a
kind of hack. Another option would be to keep it in legacy but add an ability
to switch off other legacy algorithms by a config file option.

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Matt to raise the vote on Deprecate long policy change once the PR is
rebased. Hugo to rebase it.

AI: Tomas to review the threading API and get it ready for OTC review

AI: Matt to review the certificate compression API and get it ready for OTC review

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.

