Meeting Date: 2021-11-02
Minutes taken by: TBC
Attendees:
TBC - delete people not present
Dmitry Belyavskiy
Matt Caswell
Matthias St Pierre
Nicola Tuveri
Paul Dale
Richard Levitte
Shane Lontis
Tim Hudson
Tomáš Mráz

Agenda:
* Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
* Agree minutes from previous meeting
* Design process proposal
* Do we want to restart the GH items review in this or that form?
* Can we do anything with file load performance regression
* Allocation of tasks to staff
* Coverage discussion (Shane)
* Agree agenda for next meeting
* AOB

TBC was agreed to be the minutes taker.

TBC Agenda was confirmed.

TBC Last week minutes were approved.


TBC


Agenda for the next meeting:

TBC
