Meeting Date: 2022-11-29
Minutes taken by: Hugo
Attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Matt Caswell
    Tomas Mraz
    Tim Hudson

External attendees:

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * 3.1 alpha release discussion (round 2)
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Tim

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Tim

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Richard to create instructions on how to add an OTC member.
Not done

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.
Not done

AI: Martin to create a security release guide.
Not done

AI: Hugo to add some text to the design document proposal
    describing what we are looking for in design documents
Not done

AI: OTC to read documentation of existing fuzz testing
    infrastructure
Not done

AI: Hugo to update the EC compression compatibility testing PR
    to test fewer curves. Use original commit message for Nicola's
    patch
Not done

AI: A vote should be raised on whether to switch warnings
    for unused parameters and for elided field initializers.
    These should be separate votes. (#19626)
Not done

AI: Hugo to write a design document explaining the rationales
    behind the desire to use non-blocking I/O internally
    - Outline proposed changes
Done

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

[Daniel joined the meeting]

AI: Hugo to raise a PR to make documentation more clear on BIO_dgram
    usage with unconnected sockets

AI: Hugo to propose possible solutions to make BIO_dgram more safe

** 3.1 Alpha Release

- Disable non-working buildbot workers
    - Windows is covered by GitHub Actions
    - VMS is a secondary platform
    - Mac M1: Restart or do a manual build to verify before release

- If Tomas encounters any issues while preparing the alpha,
  we may choose to delay the alpha release by a week.

AI: Tomas to restart or do a manual build on a Mac M1 to verify readiness

- Currently on track for release on Thursday subject to the above.

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#19724: signature: Clamp PSS salt len to MD len
    OTC: CMS code bug fix should be fixed in 3.0 and above, the default for salt length can be changed in 3.1 and above.

#19738: crypto/bio: fix build on UEFI
    OTC: Removing the hold. It's up to the discretion of reviewers.

** Review draft technical policies

Nothing to be discussed.

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * QUIC API and Blocking I/O Discussion
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

None.

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Richard to create instructions on how to add an OTC member.

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.

AI: Martin to create a security release guide.

AI: Hugo to add some text to the design document proposal
    describing what we are looking for in design documents

AI: OTC to read documentation of existing fuzz testing
    infrastructure

AI: Hugo to update the EC compression compatibility testing PR
    to test fewer curves. Use original commit message for Nicola's
    patch

AI: A vote should be raised on whether to switch warnings
    for unused parameters and for elided field initializers.
    These should be separate votes. (#19626)

AI: Hugo to raise a PR to make documentation more clear on BIO_dgram
    usage with unconnected sockets

AI: Hugo to propose possible solutions to make BIO_dgram more safe

AI: Tomas to restart or do a manual build on a Mac M1 to verify readiness

AI: OTC to read the QUIC API Overview and QUIC I/O Architecture design docs
