Meeting Date: 2022-10-04
Minutes taken by: Tomas
Attendees:
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Tomas Mraz
    Richard Levitte
    Nicola Tuveri
    Matt Caswell
    Tim Hudson
    Matthias St Pierre
    Paul Dale
    Shane Lontis
    Hugo Landau

External attendees:
    Daniel Fiala

Agenda:

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Configuration options to limit the digest algos in signatures (#19084)
    * Should we have an OTC face to face meeting
    * Should we allow conditionally declared functions in headers
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Tomas volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Tomas, seconded: Matt

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Matthias

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tomas

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.
Not done.

AI: Tomas to create a draft blog post about changing defaults for enabled DH
params.
Done.

AI: Martin to propose some metrics on outstanding GH PRs and issues.
Not done.

AI: Richard to propose alternatives for what to do with the duplicate
ERR_raise() calls right after failed OPENSSL_*alloc() and also the ERR_raises
after the other _new() call failures.
Done.

AI: All to read the update in #19084 from Red Hat to prepare for the discussion
in next OTC.
Done.

AI: Matt to raise the question about 3.0.6 release timeframe to OMC.
Done. OMC proposed to do the release Tuesday next week.

AI: Martin to identify resource to come up with proposal for PRs to backport to
3.1 for consideration by OTC for recommendation to OMC.
In progress.

AI: Martin to identify a resource to write a proposal for an improved design
process
Status to be confirmed.

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

AI: Dmitry to raise a public GH issue about the infinite session prolongation
in TLS-1.3.

** Configuration options to limit the digest algos in signatures (#19084)

There was a long discussion about various aspects of the PR. There were concerns
about how general the approach is. However the feature is desirable in general
and there will be additional comments added. We will continue with the normal
review process on the PR.

** Should we have an OTC face to face meeting

In general face to face meetings are desirable from time to time. Probably
Europe, probably in late spring 2023 would make sense given the geolocation of
OTC members.

AI: Martin to propose a plan for location and timing of the OTC F2F meeting.

** Should we allow conditionally declared functions in headers

An example is a function in new KEM public API that allows generation of
a private key directly from a seed with no additional randomness. That might be
insecure if used improperly. Should it be hidden by a conditional?

The general consensus is using conditionals to hide declarations is undesirable.
We should properly warn in the documentation that such parameter or function
are inherently dangerous and should be used only with proper consideration. 

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#19330 - Make ossl_sleep() a public OSSL_sleep() function

The consensus is to allow the function to be public.

#19307 - Add djgpp as CI target

If djgpp becomes community maintained platform, it can be added.

Rest of the issues defered due to out of time.

** Review draft technical policies

Defer

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

None

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Richard to create instructions on how to add an OTC member.

AI: Dmitry to raise a public GH issue about the infinite session prolongation
in TLS-1.3.

AI: Martin to propose a plan for location and timing of the OTC F2F meeting.

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.

AI: Martin to propose some metrics on outstanding GH PRs and issues.

AI: Martin to identify a resource to come up with proposal for PRs to backport
to 3.1 for consideration by OTC for recommendation to OMC.

AI: Martin to identify a resource to write a proposal for an improved design
process
