Meeting Date: 2021-11-23
Minutes taken by: Richard
Attendees:
    Matt Caswell
    Paul Dale
    Dmitry Belyavsky
    Tim Hudson
    Richard Levitte
    Matthias St Pierre
    Tomáš Mráz
    Nicola Tuveri

[Shane on holiday]


Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review OTC holds
    * Presentation of QUIC design discussions by staff members
    * Quick discussion about upcoming stable release updates (1.1.1m & 3.0.1)
    * Can we do anything with file load performance regression
    * How to handle substantial feature contributions from the community that
      have been stalled/pending for ages
    * Allocation of tasks to staff
    * Stable updates policy discussion
    * Discuss review process
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Richard has been volunteered to take the minutes

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Last week minutes were approved.
Proposed: Matt, seconded: Pauli

** OTC holds [timeboxed 20 minutes]

3.0.1 ETA: to be released 14th December.
Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tim

Fix OSSL_PARAM_allocate_from_text() to do sign extension: It’s
determined to be a bug fix.
Proposed: Richard, seconded: Matt

Make OSSL_PARAM_push_BN{,_pad}() return an error on negative numbers:
Lift the hold on this PR, let it merge.
Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tomáš 

** Presentation of QUIC design discussions by staff members

Staff reports having discussed a large scope design for the QUIC MVP
and further
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mrI5J6XlIpvHoZTtVi4SIZIwjAxO9xL25i8GsGIT5EA/edit#

This document is work in progress.  Workshops have happened last
Thursday, Friday and yesterday (Monday).  OTC opinions and comments
are encouraged.

Nicola pointed out that this link should be sent to the OTC mailing
list.  AI: Matt to send that email.

** Quick discussion about upcoming stable release updates (1.1.1m & 3.0.1)

Proposed release date: 14th December.
Proposed: Tim, seconded: Dmitry

** Outstanding actions from last week

    AI: Matt to start the vote to agree the design policy once 2 weeks has
        elapsed since the PR was opened

        [not yet done]

    AI: Tomáš draft policy over function signature changes
            void -> int returns
            constification

        [not yet done]

    AI: Matt draft policy about improved assembler implementations and what
        releases are acceptable.

        https://github.com/openssl/technical-policies/pull/9

        [DONE]

    AI: Richard to make OTC repo in GHE that can at least track issues.
        create issues for other outstanding OTC AIs.

        [DONE]

    AI: OTC to ask OMC for time for design work.

        [DONE]

** Stable updates policy discussion

    AI: Tomáš to start the vote for accepting the stable release policy
        https://github.com/openssl/technical-policies/pull/8

** Allocation of tasks to staff

The 10% staff time slot will be spent on the action items mentioned
here. If there’s any time left from that slot, add it to design work.
Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tim

----------------------------------------------------------------------

New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

    AI: Matt to send email to OTC mailing list regarding the QUIC
        design document.

    AI: Matt to start the vote to agree the design policy once 2 weeks has
        elapsed since the PR was opened

    AI: Tomáš draft policy over function signature changes
            void -> int returns
            constification

    AI: Tomáš to start the vote for accepting the stable release policy
        https://github.com/openssl/technical-policies/pull/8

Agenda for next week:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Coverage discussion (Shane) delayed until the 30th November
    * Can we do anything with file load performance regression
    * How to handle substantial feature contributions from the community that
      have been stalled/pending for ages
    * Allocation of tasks to staff
    * Discuss review process
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

