Meeting Date: 2021-11-02
Minutes taken by: Pauli
Attendees:
    Matt Caswell
    Matthias St Pierre
    Nicola Tuveri
    Paul Dale
    Tim Hudson
    Tomáš Mráz
    Richard Levitte [forty five minutes late]

Agenda:
* Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
* Agree minutes from previous meeting
* Discuss Rich's email to project list - should we respond?
* Design process proposal
* OTC hold reviewing
* Do we want to restart the GH items review in this or that form?
* Can we do anything with file load performance regression
* Allocation of tasks to staff
* Agree agenda for next meeting
* AOB

Paul was agreed to be the minutes taker.

Agenda was confirmed.  Proposed: Tomáš Seconded: Matt


Last week minutes were approved.  Proposed: Tim Seconded: Matt & Matthias


Discussion about Rich's email.  The distinction between a technical
decision and management decision is tricky and should be explained.
Last week's OTC call showed that there was not clarity about this.
Other users are far less informed.  Concerns raised about the time lines
involved and our ability to meet them.

Matthias: ask for the OMC to respond to Rich's email and more generally
about the QUIC situation.  Seconded: Nicola


Design process proposal: Nicola has some concerns about the just enough
approach which could result in designs that are under-specified.  It would
be better if we avoided this since it created disagreement during the
3.0 process.  Matt is concerned about designs being over specified
which is the converse.  With 3.0 we failed to iterate the design based
on items discovered during development and a failure to revisit design
assumptions that were incorrect.  The significant up front design without
malleability was the problem.

We need to do some design ahead of implementation.  Each component
needs some design in addition to the overall system.  We also need to
review the APIs that are being presented - the API should be part of the
subsystem design.  I.e. the first visibility of new APIs should **not**
be in a PR.  We need a stronger link between PR's with code and the
design artifacts used to create it.

Should third party PRs be subjected to the same review criteria as our
contributions?  Ours typically only need to meet a lower bar - i.e. we
should raise the bar for our contributions.  Should we have some triggers
in place (lines of code, number of APIs) to gate the threshold where
a design is mandatory.  The design documents should be tracked in git
(rather than in a PR).

AI: Matt add to the policy to create linkage between design processes.

Also need more testing to cover interactions between sub-modules.
Testing the API should be part of the design process so we can verify
that exactly what was designed is happening.  If the test needs to be
updated, the design must also be.  The tests should cover the APIs
as they are meant to be called, what their return values are, etc.
However, not to the level of mocking the APIs and having the tests run
before they are implemented.  I.e. not full blown test driven development.

AI: Matt to include the _word_ test in the policy at least once.


#16944: this should have been discussed at the time.  Constant time
follow up PR.  The PR can be merged as is.


Separate review and test processes need to be fleshed out.  Start with
the review process.  AI: staff to attempt this, staff to decide whom.


Agenda for the next meeting:

* Discuss shorter release times and how to achieve them (time based vs feature
based)
* Discuss design process if not ready for voting
* Discuss review process
* OTC hold reviewing
* Do we want to restart the GH items review in this or that form?
* Can we do anything with file load performance regression
* Coverage discussion (Shane)
* Allocation of tasks to staff
* Agree agenda for next meeting
* AOB
