Meeting Date: 2021-10-19
Minutes taken by: Matt Caswell
Attendees:
Nicola Tuveri
Tim Hudson
Matthias St Pierre
Richard Levitte
Dmitry Belyavskiy
Tomáš Mráz
Shane Lontis
Matt Caswell

Agenda:
* Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
* Platform policy update
* Review policy process strawman
* PR #16725
* Do we want to restart the GH items review in this or that form?
* Can we do anything with file load performance regression
* OpenSSL 3.1
* Agree agenda for next meeting
* AOB 


Matt agreed as minute taker and agenda agreed.

Matt presented the updates that have been made to the platform policy. Richard
noted that the OpenVMS version is wrong for Itanium. Should be 8.4. FreeBSD
clang version 11.0.1 is default for FreeBSD 13.0

Tomáš presented the proposed technical policy change policy
(https://github.com/openssl/technical-policies/pull/1). Discussion about whether
it is necessary to send notifications about proposed policy changes to the
openssl-project list. Discussion about the format of policies and what markdown
to use. Discussion about whether the 2 week waiting period is too long. Comment
that it should be clear that anyone could propose a policy. It should be clear
when the text is “frozen” and ready to vote. Tomáš to make suggested edits and
then start a vote after the 2 week period.

Richard and Matt gave an overview of PR#16725. Discussion about whether this is
a feature or a bug. Should this be postponed to 3.1? Could we do an early 3.1
release? It was identified that there is some missing documentation from the
proposed PR. Discussion about whether or not the behavior being changed by this
PR was always intended or not. Vote started.

Due to time, further agenda items were deferred until the next meeting.

Agenda for next week:
* Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
* Agree minutes from previous meeting
* Do we want to restart the GH items review in this or that form?
* Can we do anything with file load performance regression
* OpenSSL 3.1 Requirements
* Coverage discussion (Shane)
* Allocation of tasks to staff
* Agree agenda for next meeting
* AOB 
