Meeting Date: 2022-11-15
Minutes taken by: Hugo
Attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Richard Levitte
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Kurt Roeckx
    Matt Caswell
    Tomas Mraz
    Shane Lontis
    Paul Dale
    Tim Hudson
    Nicola Tuveri

External attendees:
    Daniel Fiala
    Martin Koci

Agenda:

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * FIPS discussion
    * Discussion of Buildbot CI issues
    * How can we improve our fuzz testing? (Matthias)
    * EC compression format compatibility discussion
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Richard to create instructions on how to add an OTC member.
In progress

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.
Not done

AI: Nicola requests that people read the latest comments in the EC compression PRs (#16624, #18320).
Not done

AI: Martin to create a security release guide.
Not done

AI: Pauli to ask test lab if we can include the 140-3 deprecated algorithms in 3.1
Done

AI: Pauli to revert changes which broke tests in 3.1
Done

AI: Hugo to add some text to the design document proposal
    describing what we are looking for in design documents
Not done

[Martin joined the meeting]

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** FIPS discussion

- Can we include non-FIPS algorithms inside the FIPS boundary
  for 140-3?

** Discussion of Buildbot CI issues

- Some Buildbot CI tasks are persistently failing or timing out
- Should these be fixed or removed?

AI: Martin to create ticket for someone to investigate these
    issues and fix or remove the affected CIs

** How can we improve our fuzz testing? (Matthias)

- Should we require fuzz testing on all new network-facing parsing code?
  General consensus: yes

- It may be unreasonable to ask external contributors to
  add fuzzing code

- What if new network-facing parsing code is contributed by an
  external contributor who lacks the expertise to add fuzzing
  for the code?

- Should/could contractor resources be allocated when such
  an external contribution is merged?

- Improving the documentation for how to add fuzzing may be
  significantly helpful to external contributors

AI: OTC to read documentation of existing fuzz testing
    infrastructure

AI: Martin to create both public and YT issues for someone to add
    fuzzing for the certificate compression PR

AI: Martin to create YT issue to add fuzzing to QUIC implementation

** EC compression format compatibility discussion

- Should the OTC reduce the degree of testing it asked for?
  Do we really need to test all curves?

  - We could test all curves one time, but only merge a PR
    which tests one or a few curves, as the number of curves
    currently proposed to be unit tested is excessive.

- How much of a breaking change is it to change the default
  compression mode?

AI: Hugo to update the EC compression compatibility testing PR
    to test fewer curves. Use original commit message for Nicola's
    patch

- Is the to_data change a breaking change too far?
  Can we do it in 3.1?

  - There should be a CHANGES entry if we do
  - We would be entitled to change this because the documentation
    does not specify we return a compressed key
  - However, it may break existing systems in practice which
    are parsing this information and only implemented the
    compressed format
  - Should we change this?

- Regardless of the decision made, the documentation should be
  updated

AI: Nicola to propose an OTC vote on the list to follow the
    compression format as specified in 3.1

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

AI: A vote should be raised on whether to switch warnings
    for unused parameters and for elided field initializers.
    These should be separate votes. (#19626)

** Review draft technical policies

Not done

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * QUIC: Blocking/non-blocking
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

None.

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Richard to create instructions on how to add an OTC member.
In progress

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.
Not done

AI: Nicola requests that people read the latest comments in the EC compression PRs (#16624, #18320).
Not done

AI: Martin to create a security release guide.
Not done

AI: Pauli to ask test lab if we can include the 140-3 deprecated algorithms in 3.1
Done

AI: Pauli to revert changes which broke tests in 3.1
Done

AI: Hugo to add some text to the design document proposal
    describing what we are looking for in design documents
Not done

AI: Martin to create ticket for someone to investigate these
    issues and fix or remove the affected CIs

AI: OTC to read documentation of existing fuzz testing
    infrastructure

AI: Martin to create both public and YT issues for someone to add
    fuzzing for the certificate compression PR

AI: Martin to create YT issue to add fuzzing to QUIC implementation

AI: Hugo to update the EC compression compatibility testing PR
    to test fewer curves. Use original commit message for Nicola's
    patch

AI: Nicola to propose an OTC vote on the list to follow the
    compression format as specified in 3.1

AI: A vote should be raised on whether to switch warnings
    for unused parameters and for elided field initializers.
    These should be separate votes. (#19626)
