Meeting Date: 2022-09-13
Minutes taken by: Matt
Attendees:
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Tomas Mraz
    Richard Levitte
    Shane Lontis
    Pauli
    Nicola
    Matt Caswell

External attendees:
    Hugo
    Daniel

Agenda:

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding action
    * 3.0.0 FIPS provider
    * HPKE
    * Discuss 17662 (Config option to limit algorithm usage)
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Matt volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Pauli, seconded: Richard

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Pauli

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Tomas, seconded: Pauli

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.
Not done

AI: Tomas to create a draft blog post about changing defaults for enabled DH
params.
Not done

AI: Martin to propose some metrics on outstanding GH PRs and issues.
Not done

AI: Richard to propose alternatives for what to do with the duplicate
ERR_raise() calls right after failed OPENSSL_*alloc() and also the ERR_raises
after the other _new() call failures.
Not done

** 3.0.0 FIPS provider

We are guaranteeing binary compatibility forward and backards for our providers.
Using the 3.0.0 FIPS provider against the latest 3.0.x code causes test failures.
All are due to tests introduced to cover bugs that were fixed since 3.0.0. There
was a mistaken regression introduced but that has now been fixed.

In the future the tests will need to do version checks. See Issue: 19171, Fix in
19201.

We need to test this via CI.

** HPKE

PR in 19068. There was some debate about the naming of the API functions and
whether the encapsulate/decapsulate auth variants should be a separate OP code.
The API naming is ok. We should not have a separate OP code.

Discussion about the necessity to support Input Key Material (IKM). This is
needed to support test vectors.

** Discuss 17662 (Config option to limit algorithm usage)

Issue was raised about how this will work in the FIPS provider. The FIPS
provider has its own libctx, does not link against libcrypto, and does not load
the config file - so this option would not work there.

Currently this is implemented as a global setting. Is it possible to override it
for specific circumstances?

Dmitry proposed:
  1. Algorithm allowance/disallowance should be on the provider configuration level
Rationale: providers may be not aware about this feature

  2. We may want to override the settings in some corner cases
     - This could be done through loading a new libctx

Dmitry will further discuss and come back.

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#15857:
The OBJECT_DIGEST_INFO*, ISSUER_SERIAL* and IETF* namespaces are not ours to
claim. All such names should be prefixed with OSSL_.

** Review draft technical policies

No technical policies to discuss.

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Plan for re-triage process for stalled issues and PRs
    * TX Packetiser (18570)
    * Connection ID cache
    * QUIC Record Layer
    * Github Discussions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

Discussion about automatically compute public key on import vote (technical
policies #54). Debate about the previous vote that was held on this topic. The
vote has still one more week to run. We should see where we are in a weeks time.

Post Quantum meeting that was forwarded to the list is being held today.
AI: Matt to send details of the post-quantum meeting to the OTC list

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.

AI: Tomas to create a draft blog post about changing defaults for enabled DH
params.

AI: Martin to propose some metrics on outstanding GH PRs and issues.

AI: Richard to propose alternatives for what to do with the duplicate
ERR_raise() calls right after failed OPENSSL_*alloc() and also the ERR_raises
after the other _new() call failures.

AI: Matt to send details of the post-quantum meeting to the OTC list
