Meeting Date: 2022-05-24
Minutes taken by: Matt
Attendees:
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Matt Caswell
    Shane Lontis
    Paul Dale
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Tomas Mraz
    Nicola Tuveri
    Richard Levitte

External attendees:
    Martin Koci
    Daniel Fiala

Agenda:

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Empty Protocol
    * RSA Key Gen
    * Updates from the OMC
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Matt volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tomas

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tomas

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Last week minutes were approved.
Proposed: Matt, seconded: Pauli

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Tomas to take the the requirements policy to a vote
Not done

AI: OTC read openssl/technical-policies#7 this week
Done

AI: Tomas call vote on openssl/technical-policies#7 next week.
Not done

** Empty Protocol

Tomas presented PR18307 for the empty protocol. Matt explained the idea is that
we start with an empty protocol that implements the most basic protocol and
passess tests. We will slowly change it into QUIC over time.

Nicola asked about delivery timescales. Martin explained that he is working on
the plan.

** RSA Key Gen

With the default RSA Key Gen implementation in 3.0 it can fail from time to time.
A smaller "e" can make this occur more frequently. The problem seems to be in
the standard itself.

We should fallback to the old keygen in the case that e is out of the range
specified by FIPS.
There should be an error message put on the stack in the case that it fails.
We should increase the number of loops to 20 as per the latest draft standard -
which should not be a problem with compliance and will make the probability of
failure less likely.
This is a bug that should be fixed on the 3.0 branch.

** Updates from the OMC

OMC need further details on the logging API in order to make a decision - but it
won't be in 3.1.

There will be a forthcoming blog post about the NIST finalisation. (omc/omc#178)

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#17969: Record layer design - implementation for existing TLS is in progress.
The design PR will be updated once that work is complete. The PR has been
converted to draft and the hold removed

#17987: Error suppression. Removing the hold - no OTC decision to be made at this
stage. New issue raised to add a logging API #18393. We should collect the
requirements there.
AI: Dmitry to populate #18393 (logging API) with some requirements

#18130: Removed the OTC hold and added a "won't fix" and converted it to draft.


** Review draft technical policies

#50 (switch to C99). Listing the C99 features that we want to support is the way
forward. Approving C99 as a whole does not work for supporting older platforms.

#51: Deprecate long. We should still be able to use long in certain situations
(e.g. where there is existing use of long).

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review and confirm the BIO DGRAM API
    * Return values and typedefs
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

Matt will be updating the OTC meeting link to allow for multiple co-hosts.


** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

