Meeting Date: 2022-01-25
Minutes taken by: Pauli
Attendees:
    Matt Caswell
    Dmitry Belyavsky
    Tim Hudson
    Richard Levitte
    Tomáš Mráz
    Shane Lontis
    Paul Dale
    Nicola Tuveri

Agenda:
    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Discuss the AES performance regression
    * Discuss the removal of atexit calls
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Discuss the Branch Policy proposal (technical policy PR #7)
    * PR #17162 signed bignum params
    * Discuss the Technical requirements document
    * Allocation of tasks to staff
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Pauli has been volunteered to take the minutes
Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tomáš

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Tomáš, seconded: Tim

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Last week minutes were approved.
Proposed: Tomáš, seconded: Richard

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Matt to put the technical requirements document into a PR against the main
openssl repository
- Done

AI: Matthias to submit a PR to change of https://www.openssl.org/policies/otc-policies.html
- Not on call deferred

AI: Richard to eyeball PR #15916 following hold removal
- Not done yet

AI: Paul to create a PR for caching the most often used EVP_CIPHER_CTX and
EVP_MD_CTX getters.
- In progress

AI: Staff to think about and eventually add testing of 3.0 FIPS provider against
master libcrypto and master FIPS provider against the 3.0 libcrypto.
- Not started

AI: Matt to respond to the additional feedback on techical-policies PR#13
- Done

** Discuss the AES performance regression

Vote: OTC approves the OMC request for an exception to the stable release
      policy to allow changing the default AES for no-asm builds from the
      constant time one introduced in PR#10828 to the prior non-constant
      time version.

PR #16374: not for 3.0, should get a performance comparison before accepting.

** Discuss the removal of atexit calls

This has been there since 1.0.  Providers have made this tricky.
There is a consensus that we should remove the atexit calls from 3.1.

There is not a consensus for adopting this in 3.0 and 1.1.1.  This can be
classified as a bug but the risk is large.  Users will see what appear to
be memory leaks because they fail to call the new cleanup routine.  We
want to see a solution before making a decision about backporting this.

Long discussion as to the difficulties etc that surround this.
- should libraries be pinned?
- what should OPENSSL_INIT_NO_ATEXIT do?
- Richard has done some in PR #17483

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#7130 Remove the NULL checks of function parameters
- OTC needs a policy on this.  Traditionally not having them was not considered
  a bug but having them wasn't mandated.  If there, they shouldn't be removed.
- We're not suggesting that these should be backfitted, going forwards they
  should be included in public API calls.
- Over time we should aim to retrofit them.
- AI: staff to raise PR update to coding style to include NULL argument
      checking on public APIs.
- AI: Tomáš merge coding style policy.
- Closed

#8208 Add X509_V_FLAG_NO_CHECK_SUBJECT and change default to be safe
- Defer until next time.
- AI: Tomáš to provide a summary for next meeting.

#11310 Added signature length check for RSA PSS signature verification.
- This is a breaking change, do we want to do it?  We're more lenient that
  mandated.
- Not a candidate for backporting.  Change is generally okay for 3.1,
  however, it will need a changes entry and the error handling shouldn't
  be perterbed as much as it has (do this during review).

#17112 Prevent crash with engine using different openssl runtime
- two changes: one change OPENSSL_init_crypto to have NO_ATEXIT, the other
  prevents a crash.
- Long discussion.  Richard wants to go further and ban engines linked
  to different libcrypto.
- Leave hold on this pending alternative.

** Review draft technical policies

#13 Testing policy
- Updated yesterday, one question outstanding
- OTC: no requirement, at this stage, for tests to go in at the same time as
  the code changes.
- AI: Matt start vote on testing policy

#17 Voting policy update
- AI: Matt start vote tomorrow

#18 Documentation policy
- Another week before vote, Matt wants another pass over it.

** Discuss the proposed Branch Policy (technical policy PR #7)
- Too late to discuss this, this will go early in the agenda next week.

** PR #17162 signed bignum params
- Signed bignums don't work well with params.
- Disagreement about BNs being signed or unsigned integers.  We originally
  specified them as unsigned but they are really signed.

** Allocation of tasks to staff
As before

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Discuss the Branch Policy proposal (technical policy PR #7)
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Discuss the Technical requirements document
    * Allocation of tasks to staff
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB


** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Matthias to submit a PR to change of https://www.openssl.org/policies/otc-policies.html

AI: Richard to eyeball PR #15916 following hold removal

AI: Paul to create a PR for caching the most often used EVP_CIPHER_CTX and
EVP_MD_CTX getters.

AI: Staff to think about and eventually add testing of 3.0 FIPS provider against
master libcrypto and master FIPS provider against the 3.0 libcrypto.

AI: staff to raise PR update to coding style to include NULL argument
    checking on public APIs.

AI: Tomáš merge coding style policy.

AI: Tomáš to provide a summary for next meeting.

AI: Matt start vote on testing policy

AI: Matt start vote tomorrow on voting policy update
