Meeting Date: 2022-09-27
Minutes taken by: Matt
Attendees:
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Tomas Mraz
    Richard Levitte
    Nicola Tuveri
    Matt Caswell
    Tim Hudson
    Matthias St Pierre
    Paul Dale
    Shane Lontis

External attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Daniel Fiala
    Martin Koci

Agenda:

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Matthias' key impressions from the ICMC conference
    * Design Process
    * Connection ID cache
    * Should we have an OTC face to face meeting
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Matt volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tim

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Tim, seconded: Richard

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Tomas, seconded: Nicola, Dmitry

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.
Not done

AI: Tomas to create a draft blog post about changing defaults for enabled DH
params.
Not done

AI: Martin to propose some metrics on outstanding GH PRs and issues.
Not done

AI: Richard to propose alternatives for what to do with the duplicate
ERR_raise() calls right after failed OPENSSL_*alloc() and also the ERR_raises
after the other _new() call failures.
Not done

AI: Tomas to create issue in youtrack to update openssl-machine autoclosing
script.
Done

AI: All to read the update in #19084 from Red Hat to prepare for the discussion
in next OTC.
In progress

AI: Matt to raise the question about 3.0.6 release timeframe to OMC.
Not done

** Matthias' key impressions from the ICMC conference

Matthias gave an overview of the ICMC conference and described some of the key
talks that he attended. Not all the talks and slides are available yet.

Some discussion about how we can improve communication about what we do to the
community. Discussion about project governance and transparency.

Some discussion about items that would be suitable for backport to 3.1. a
suggestion was made that performance improvements should be backported. Another
suggestion was that where we have fixed a "problem" in master that was not
suitable for backport to 3.0 then we should consider those fixes for 3.1.

[Nicola left]

Shane pointed at issue #18846 as a list of things we might consider for backport
to 3.1.

AI: Martin to identify resource to come up with proposal for PRs to backport to
3.1 for consideration by OTC for recommendation to OMC.

** Design Process

The current design process is not working and is not being followed.

Some discussion about what do we do now and what do we do in the future.

The Design Policy says: "From time to time the OTC may decide that certain
problems should have a design document created for them before implementation
should start"
Proposal that OTC explicitly decides that internal QUIC related work that does not
impact the public API does not need OTC approval under this policy. Design
documents for this work should still exist and standard PR approval process
applies.
Proposed by: Matt, Seconded: Tomas, No objections

AI: Martin to identify a resource to write a proposal for an improved design
process

** Should we have an OTC face to face meeting

Defer

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

Defer

** Review draft technical policies

Defer

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Plan for re-triage process for stalled issues and PRs
    * Configuration options to limit the digest algos in signatures (#19084)
    * Should we have an OTC face to face meeting
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

Dmitry drew OTC attention to this PKCS11 provider project:
https://github.com/latchset/pkcs11-provider


** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.

AI: Tomas to create a draft blog post about changing defaults for enabled DH
params.

AI: Martin to propose some metrics on outstanding GH PRs and issues.

AI: Richard to propose alternatives for what to do with the duplicate
ERR_raise() calls right after failed OPENSSL_*alloc() and also the ERR_raises
after the other _new() call failures.

AI: All to read the update in #19084 from Red Hat to prepare for the discussion
in next OTC.

AI: Matt to raise the question about 3.0.6 release timeframe to OMC.

AI: Martin to identify resource to come up with proposal for PRs to backport to
3.1 for consideration by OTC for recommendation to OMC.

AI: Martin to identify a resource to write a proposal for an improved design
process
