Meeting Date: 2022-07-26
Minutes taken by: Tomas
Attendees:
    Shane Lontis
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Tomas Mraz
    Richard Levitte
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Nicola Tuveri
    Matt Caswell
    Paul Dale

External attendees:
    Hugo Landau

Agenda:

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Tomas volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Tomas, seconded: Matthias, Matt

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Tomas, seconded: Matt

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

We've forgot to approve the meeting minutes from the previous meeting.
To be done on the next meeting.

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Matt to raise the vote on Deprecate long policy change once the PR is
rebased. Hugo to rebase it.
Done

AI: Matt to review the certificate compression API and get it ready for OTC review
Not done

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.
Not done

AI: Hugo to write a design document for threading. It should capture what we
are trying to achieve.
Done

AI: Matt to respond to the security report.
Done

AI: Matthias to create a PR to link the code of conduct
Not done

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#18744 - Regression: Unable to set EC_KEY private_key to NULL starting in
1.1.1h

 - We should revert to the old behaviour on all branches, where passing NULL
   sets the internal key to NULL and we get a failure result code back.

[Nicola has left]

#18583 - Resolve the BIO_ctrl() / OSSL_FUNC_BIO_ctrl_fn declaration clash
[TAKE 1]
#18584 - Resolve the BIO_ctrl() / OSSL_FUNC_BIO_ctrl_fn declaration clash
[TAKE 2]

 - After long discussion the conclusion is that the compatibility problem with
TAKE 1 for providers compiled against new libcrypto headers is real and we do
not want to break backwards and forwards compatibility.
 - Decision is to add overflow checking to TAKE 2 and use it. If a possible
new approach for having a backwards and forwards compatible fix appears it
can be always applied on top of TAKE 2.

#18820 - repo is missing a Code of Conduct statement

 - Matthias will add a PR adding a file with link to the CoC web page

#18834 - digestsign/digestverify self test

 - Postponed to next week

** Review draft technical policies

 - No new policy drafts

** Review outstanding security issues

We reviewed outstanding security issues (not necessarily any).

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * Thread pool design proposal review (#18864)
    * Certificate compression PR review (#18186)
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

Dmitry asked whether we want a new label for PRs/Issues to be discussed by OTC.
There was not seen a need for it. The existing hold: OTC decision needed is
sufficient.

Red Hat will submit a set of patches for OpenSSL mostly related to FIPS 140-3
support. Adding the FIPS 140-3 support is OMC decision to be made.

Shane asked whether informational RFCs constitute a proper standard for our
policy about new features. It is a borderline however if it is an RFC
that means it is not a moving target as drafts are. So it should be sufficient
but of course something having an RFC does not mean we have to implement
it.

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Everyone to review the thread pool design document #18864

AI: Matt to review the certificate compression API and get it ready for OTC review

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.

AI: Matthias to create a PR to link the code of conduct
