Meeting Date: 2022-10-25
Minutes taken by: Hugo
Attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Matthias St Pierre
    Tomas Mraz
    Matt Caswell
    Richard Levitte
    Shane Lontis
    Paul Dale

External attendees:
    Daniel Fiala
    Martin Koci

Agenda:

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * 3.1 release PRs and issues
    * FIPS 140-3
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Hugo volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Matt

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Minutes from previous meeting were agreed. Proposed: Hugo, seconded: Tomas

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Richard to create instructions on how to add an OTC member.
Not done

AI: Martin to email information about the OTC F2F meeting plan to the OTC list
Done

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.
Not done

AI: Martin to email information on his proposals for measuring outstanding GH
PRs and issues to the OTC list
Done

AI: Hugo to write improved process proposal in next sprint
Not done

AI: Hugo to write a proposed change to the test policy
    to add four tracking labels classifying if a PR needs or has tests
Done

AI: Nicola requests that people read the latest comments in the EC
    compression (#16624, #18320).
Not done

** Review outstanding security issues

We discussed outstanding security issues.

** 3.1 release PRs and issues

Tomas created a list of 150 PRs for backport to 3.1
No objections were raised to using this list as a starting point
Objections may be raised by OMC tomorrow
We will do the review in batches. We will keep the approvals
of the original PRs and keep the approval headers in the commits.

In the meantime, PRs which cherrypick cleanly to 3.0 and 3.1 can
simply be merged.

PRs which don't cherrypick cleanly will have to wait for the batches
of cherry picks to complete and will be reviewed afterwards.

** FIPS 140-3

AI: Pauli to consider options for implementing KAT using deterministic RNG
    in a safer manner

** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#19401 (make CMAC properly fail if cipher is not CBC mode):
  - Can this be backported to 3.0?
    OTC: No
  - Can this be backported to 3.1?
    OTC: Yes

#19419 (finer grained error records for provider load init failures)
  - Can this be backported to 3.0?
    OTC: Yes, this is a bug and the fix can be backported

#19489 (remove old RSA CRT names)
  - There was consensus that where and when this is fixed, it should be fixed
    via a compile time breaking change and not a runtime breaking change.
  - There was consensus that this should be fixed in 4.0 at the latest.
  - OTC: We do not want to make the breaking changes proposed in 3.x. Some parts
    of the PR are still OK for 3.x and should be split into a separate PR.
  - Documentation in 3.x should be updated to warn against using these defines.

** Review draft technical policies

#57 (revise testing policy with labels)
  - Pauli suggested if tests: deferred is used, the person adding the label
    should create an issue for the tests at the same time.
    We decided against updating the proposal at this time.
    This could be proposed in a future policy change.

  - We discussed the proposed testing policy. There were no objections.
    OTC: This should be put to a vote once the two week period is up.

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Discussion of Buildbot CI issues
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review outstanding security issues
    * EC compression format compatibility discussion
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

We discussed possible locations and dates for an OTC F2F meeting.
Dmitry proposed this be discussed further via email.

We discussed Buildbot CI issues and agreed to schedule this for the
next meeting.

[Matthias left the meeting.]

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Richard to create instructions on how to add an OTC member.

AI: Matt to create a proposal on return values and return value types for new
code.

AI: Hugo to write improved design process proposal

AI: Nicola requests that people read the latest comments in the EC
    compression (#16624, #18320).
