Meeting Date: 2022-04-05
Minutes taken by: Matt
Attendees:
    Dmitry Belyavsky
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Matt Caswell
    Nicola Tuveri
    Richard Levitte
    Tomas Mraz
    Tim Hudson
    Paul Dale
    Shane Lontis
External attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Daniel Fiala
    Martin Koci

Agenda:

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Introductions
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review issues with OTC hold (20 minutes)
    * Walk through of API diffs
    * Walk through of Record layer proposal
    * EC generated code query
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Allocation of tasks to contractors
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Matt volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Tomas, seconded: Tim

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tim

** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Last week minutes were approved.
Proposed: Tomas, seconded: Tim

** Introductions

Martin introduced himself to the group. Dmitry, Shane, Nicola and Matthias
introduced themselves. Martin had already met the remaining members of the OTC.

** Review outstanding actions

AI: Update the QUIC API proposal with approach to solving the 5 problems
(1) timer based events (2) TCP vs UDP socket creation (3) blocking (4) no visible
event capability for existing apps (5) configure protocol via a string.
In progress - blocked on API diff work

AI: Separate out in the API proposal the subset we will implement for MVP.
In progress - blocked on API diff work

AI: Tomas to write a draft release requirements policy in the next sprint
In progress

AI: Pauli to call a vote on the sparse array size change backport.
Done

AI: Hugo to create a PR against the OpenSSL source tree which adds the demos
in the tree.
Done

AI: Hugo to write a blog post about the demos and their relation to the QUIC
API design.
Done

AI: All to re-read the branch policy proposal.
In progress

AI: Tom치코 to create an alternative proposal that amends the policy change
process policy
Not done

AI: Dmitry to open an issue that will show the concrete problems where
real errors from decoders are dropped.
Done - Issue #17987

AI: Matt to ensure https://github.openssl.org/openssl/openssl/issues/72
is scheduled for the next sprint.
Pending

** Review issues with OTC hold (20 minutes)

#17937:
AI: Matt to review the latest proposal im #17937 and potentially lift the OTC hold

#17938: Remove support for attacker supplied curve parameters
Options would be to remove support based on compile time option. Default could
be on for 3.1 and off in a future version.
This support should not be removed by default in 3.1. We don't object to an
option being introduced to disable this (preferably runtime)

#17984 Won't be considered for backport to 3.0

#17998 Unclear whether we should backport this to 3.0. This PR needs to add
documentation (or add via a separate PR)
AI: Tomas to raise a vote on #17998

** Walk through of API diffs

Hugo walked through the proposed diffs to the demos required for the new QUIC
API

Tim raised the issues that this may be a problem with applications that inject
buffering BIOs

AI: All OTC to members to read the diffs in:
https://github.com/hlandau/openssl/compare/ddd-diff-base...hlandau:ddd-diff?short_path=fce5e24#diff-fce5e24a44227bdd83c647fbdd16dbe773cac5b9b61a4f918a9598bd57d7145a
https://github.com/hlandau/openssl/tree/ddd-diff/ddd

** Walk through of Record layer proposal

Tim suggested adding a diagram describing the different types of QUIC layer.


AI: Matt to schedule implementing this for current protocols in the next sprint

** EC generated code query

Question about the EC Kiila. The blockage was around CLAs. Without CLA we cannot
incoporate code. It can be implemented as an external 3rd party provider.

AI: Shane to raise issue with OMC for CLA exception for EC Kiila code.

** Review draft technical policies

Coding style change not yet ready for review.

** Allocation of tasks to contractors

No change.

** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * API Diffs
    * Error suppressing in OpenSSL
    * Branch policy
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Allocation of tasks to contractors
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

Dmitry will investigate #18039

** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Update the QUIC API proposal with approach to solving the 5 problems
(1) timer based events (2) TCP vs UDP socket creation (3) blocking (4) no visible
event capability for existing apps (5) configure protocol via a string.

AI: Separate out in the API proposal the subset we will implement for MVP.

AI: Tomas to write a draft release requirements policy in the next sprint

AI: All to re-read the branch policy proposal.

AI: Tom치코 to create an alternative proposal that amends the policy change
process policy

AI: Matt to ensure https://github.openssl.org/openssl/openssl/issues/72
is scheduled for the next sprint.

AI: Matt to review the latest proposal im #17937 and potentially lift the OTC hold

AI: Tomas to raise a vote on #17998

AI: Matt to schedule implementing record layer for current protocols in the next sprint

AI: Shane to raise issue with OMC for CLA exception for EC Kiila code.

