Meeting Date: 2022-05-17
Minutes taken by: Pauli
Attendees:
    Matthias St. Pierre
    Matt Caswell
    Shane Lontis
    Paul Dale
    Tim Hudson
    Dmitry Belyavskiy
    Tomas Mraz
    Nicola Tuveri
    Richard Levitte (late)

External attendees:
    Hugo Landau
    Martin Koci

Agenda:

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Branch policy
    * Error suppressing in OpenSSL
    * Timer API
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda

Pauli volunteered to take the minutes.
Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tim

Agenda for the meeting agreed. Proposed: Matt, seconded: Matthias


** Agree minutes from previous meeting

Last week minutes were approved.
Proposed: Matt, seconded: Tomas


** Review outstanding actions

AI: Tomas to update the release requirements policy based on the dicussion
Done

AI: Tomas to take the the requirements policy to a vote
Not done, discussions are ongoing


** Branch policy

Review after changes.  Master branch not mentioned anymore.
Discussion about the added complexity and extra effort involved.
Should be limitied to three development branches.
How do the CIs deal with this?
Automation of cherry picking is required.

[much discussion ensues]

AI: OTC read openssl/technical-polcies#7 this week.

AI: Tomas call vote on openssl/technical-polcies#7 next week.


** Error suppressing in OpenSSL

openssl/openssl#17987 too aggressively discards errors.

Shouldn't rely on recompilation to enable enough information to diagnose
problems (i.e. trace API).

We could log from ERR_raise.  What about extra data and threading.
ERR_pop_to_mark could print what it pops.

The trace infrastructure is too verbose to be included unconditionally.
It might be possible to include the more useful output unconditionally
and the less useful compiled out by default.  Compared to syslog:
e.g. we could include info level and above but not debug level.

[Tim departs during discussions]

Should we introduce a logging API?  If so what time frame?

OTC recommend to OMC and Martin that a run time available logging API
be introduced to 3.1.  omc/omc#164

What about 3.0?  Is popping a relevant error a bug?  These should be
dealt with on a case by case basis.


** Timer API

openssl/openssl#18274

No need to discuss :)
The event and timer queues are possibly merging.


** Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)

#17969 ongoing work
#17987 just discussed
#18130 Not closed yet

#18280 "wrong curve" error
[Hugo departs during discussions]

Discussions about fixing this in 1.1.1 and in 3.0.

OTC: The server should be changed to accept the client certificate in
TLS <= 1.2 if the curve is among the supported groups configured on the
server side.


** Review draft technical policies

None to discuss.


** Agree agenda for next meeting

    * Nominate a minute taker and confirm agenda
    * Agree minutes from previous meeting
    * Review outstanding actions
    * Review and confirm the BIO DGRAM API
    * Review issues with OTC hold (30 minutes)
    * Review draft technical policies
    * Agree agenda for next meeting
    * AOB

** AOB

Please remember to set the "ready to vote" label in the technical-policies
repository.


** New and carried over action items [transported from above]:

AI: Tomas to take the the requirements policy to a vote

AI: OTC read openssl/technical-polcies#7 this week

AI: Tomas call vote on openssl/technical-polcies#7 next week.
